Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So across done mar the gods watch over their people.
Timothy Sackton: be the mother of Denmark demigod of this and soul of the people of the planes the keeper of memories and stories.
Timothy Sackton: her attention is focused on a small camp in the northern part of her country, where much of what is left over power on telegram gathers.
Timothy Sackton: open wound up for ruined home distracts her, as always, but she watches anyway, hoping perhaps that's something will change.
Timothy Sackton: cocoon her daughter demigod of magic and illusion and the defender of Dunbar Weaver amazes to confound the enemies and for people feels her mother's absences she's still works to men, the web of energy that binds and powers or protections.
Timothy Sackton: Much as lost now and must be repaired and she is still weekend bye or deals.
Timothy Sackton: locker her father god of knowledge and time the ancestors, and the seasons, the cycles of history, watches the servants travel back towards toker hoping, they have learned what they needed from their journey.
Timothy Sackton: audigier got a battle fire and death protector of those who fight defender of the honor of his people gazes East, as always, as warnings and call to action still unheated still looking for a champion to take them up.
Timothy Sackton: But, as he watches the fire in the heart of the one just returned to him grow he wonders.
Timothy Sackton: sonkar goddess of justice and truth or purity and beauty and artisans the judgment of the souls of the dead.
Timothy Sackton: watches all our people, seeing the souls of those who died struggle to find her worried, as always, about war about the last lives of those who may soon die out of time about the beauty, they will no longer create seeing more clearly than any of her siblings the futures cut short.
Timothy Sackton: g volley goddess and home and hearth family life and rebirth the eldest of the siblings and the peacemaker among sometimes fractures.
Timothy Sackton: relationships and person brings it as focused, as ever, she is a first timer here on the rain on pushing the water lead and clouds as far east as she can keeping the lifeblood of her people alive.
Timothy Sackton: chinodya goddess of the wild of horses nature, a free spirit, a symbol of love watches over all those he traveled outcasts in the last.
Timothy Sackton: The refugees and those who wonder, because they must watching them find their place return some joy coming to her, so the memory of all that was lost in the great war still haunts are at time seeing her people scattered across the plains.
Timothy Sackton: And as.
Timothy Sackton: The gods watch donmar.
Timothy Sackton: We zoom in on that camp in the north.
Timothy Sackton: Where the four of you are gathered having just finished your conversation among yourselves outside of soccer as.
Timothy Sackton: Having shared a meal with her.
Timothy Sackton: Exchange exchanged your pleasantries given greetings and small tokens.
Timothy Sackton: and preparing now to return to Tokyo, having learned what you came here for.
Timothy Sackton: So anything else last chance anything else you want to discuss with soccer before.
Timothy Sackton: everybody's good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Remember, other than the dream thing.
Timothy Sackton: I don't I mean I don't think there was anything else, there were no burning questions you had at the end of last session that you're like we've got to ask socket.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you are, as you are.
Timothy Sackton: repacking your.
Timothy Sackton: Food you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is, I don't think we need to role play it up, but or if cycle, but even answer but i'm curious where to find maps to get to drink or like presumably the other mistake followed some path or rude or map or something.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So, possibly in the beach my monastery but also mostly they just followed the river.
Timothy Sackton: Right that's you actually had a memory of that right that they.
Timothy Sackton: They journeyed South along the river and that's how they got the drink or.
cool.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you prepare to go as as the rest of you are.
Timothy Sackton: packing your gear and getting set for the two and a half day journey back to Tokyo.
Timothy Sackton: She pulls you aside kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: She leans in and she says.
Timothy Sackton: I know you didn't follow the normal path.
Timothy Sackton: to your role that you've found yourself in.
Timothy Sackton: But be accepted, you and you should not ignore her demands.
Timothy Sackton: collect some stories listen to the people, even tell some of your own, and she reaches into a.
Timothy Sackton: Like a.
Timothy Sackton: Little pouch that sort of attached to the side of her sort of baggy clothes and she pulls out a bundle of paper.
Timothy Sackton: And she handed to you, and she says.
Timothy Sackton: do not have time now to teach you how to.
Timothy Sackton: Make the scrolls and paper needed to.
Timothy Sackton: record stories for the hall.
Timothy Sackton: But I will give you what I have.
Timothy Sackton: use it wisely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I accept them gratefully what do they look like.
Timothy Sackton: they're just sort of Nice parchment paper it's about 10 sheets of paper sort of wrapped rolled up into a bundle.
Timothy Sackton: They.
Timothy Sackton: They seem.
Timothy Sackton: That they feel that like it's.
Timothy Sackton: The one thing about them, that seems unusual is it's it's difficult to.
Timothy Sackton: it's not like just an eight and a half by 11 sheet of paper like they're rolled up and it's sort of hard to tell like it seems like you could almost keep extending one sheet forever and ever until the story was done.
Timothy Sackton: So there's something.
Timothy Sackton: Natural about that.
Timothy Sackton: And she also says, I have thought about the dreams that you described.
Timothy Sackton: Is do not these images you mentioned do not mean anything, in particular, to me.
Timothy Sackton: But I can.
Timothy Sackton: See the influence of rye, on your soul, through this jade you Perry.
Timothy Sackton: And I wonder if perhaps they might mean something to him.
Timothy Sackton: To rock.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The jade.
Timothy Sackton: The images.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, look forward to an occasion where you can properly be how to record the stories but i'll i'll carry this parchment in these materials, plus to be.
Timothy Sackton: recording the story that's easy just write what you hear.
Timothy Sackton: It is creating a scrolls that allow those memories, to be.
Timothy Sackton: stored.
Timothy Sackton: is difficult.
Timothy Sackton: The monastery used to have.
Timothy Sackton: Such a.
Timothy Sackton: Industry of.
Timothy Sackton: Paper making an art.
Timothy Sackton: Some magic some some just beautiful.
Timothy Sackton: paper to write on it was.
Timothy Sackton: It is a great loss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I shall I shall fortunately I am with a group of great storytellers as well, so i'm i'll be able to record to something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That will hopefully make the order proud.
Timothy Sackton: Do not just collect the stories of the great and the powerful.
Timothy Sackton: The hall.
Timothy Sackton: is a reflection of done Marcel.
Timothy Sackton: pay attention to those who.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe were ignored.
Timothy Sackton: Who might have something to say that is.
Timothy Sackton: not what the.
Timothy Sackton: heroes of the world, say you are the.
Timothy Sackton: more powerful than any almost any who come through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This may sound crass but Fuck the heroes.
Timothy Sackton: Well, their stories belong as well just not only their stores.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: understood.
Timothy Sackton: And I hope.
Timothy Sackton: We may yet meet again.
Timothy Sackton: Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: I hope you may meet again at some time.
Timothy Sackton: On beach women's day in the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: When it is say.
Timothy Sackton: Show.
Today is possible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't guarantee, but I have a strong intuition, that we will be able to realize that one day.
Timothy Sackton: turns to all of the safe journeys.
Timothy Sackton: And you ride off.
Timothy Sackton: So it's.
Timothy Sackton: Leave on the like afternoon of the six that's about a two and a half day journey back to to cry a few.
Timothy Sackton: You know a few sort of.
Timothy Sackton: ride straight and don't get distracted which will assume, for the sake of brevity, that is what happens I just refuse to describe anything that might distract you then you can't get distracted.
Timothy Sackton: And so you return to to toker on the on the evening of July, eight.
Timothy Sackton: You return as the sun is beginning to drop low in the sky over the city.
Timothy Sackton: You know the the walls and the Dome of the temple rising above catching the light the Tower of the of the palace.
Timothy Sackton: And the archives, the three buildings that dominate the skyline.
Timothy Sackton: And as you approach the gates Where are you going to head.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As we had itself, what was the posture of the army camped outside the city unchanged.
unchanged.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh TIM, you know I don't know if it's possible to wreck on this, but before we leave the archives actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kensal would really love to like give all of the images that he saw in those dreams to like whoever the Fuck to like actually try to research and figure out where they are.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he'd like to do that for for for both the archives and then also for the monks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have to play this right now but but but that's something that he's he's very you know, given that we are integral in this great place where we might go to learn something right.
Timothy Sackton: Well, presumably not, though, because you have these dreams forever and.
Timothy Sackton: You spent like five years until somebody that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How, you went to.
Timothy Sackton: work where.
Timothy Sackton: that's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's also true so nobody here new yeah well, I wonder, though, because now, with the new relationship with the archives baby well i'll double check with the with archives, but the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: archives, I mean the monastery does you do have a sense that there might be a lot of like.
Timothy Sackton: lost knowledge in the archives.
Timothy Sackton: Okay right like they're clearly not a super well run institution right, this is the height of of you know library science, the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Happy girl system.
Timothy Sackton: So where are you heading when you arrive as you as you approach the sending of the army is still camped that neat rows of pretense and the dry dust of the late summer sun.
Timothy Sackton: You can see more by the by the clouds of dust that are kicked off by people walking to and from and horses from being tended to in the evening.
Timothy Sackton: Everything is.
Timothy Sackton: Everything is incredibly dry dry hot.
Timothy Sackton: But as the fun things lower in the sky late catching often like the temple itself has this huge Dome.
Timothy Sackton: And the light catching off That at least is quite pretty.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a temple of beach.
Timothy Sackton: Well, no i'm just i'm for five siblings.
Timothy Sackton: On the gods.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we haven't been into the temple.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's where that's where clay has based.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what's the.
Eric Rosenbaum: tree look like.
Timothy Sackton: The tree.
Timothy Sackton: That is a good question.
Timothy Sackton: of notes about the tree.
Timothy Sackton: So it is currently.
Timothy Sackton: Seemingly stone and seems unchanged, when you first first saw it, so it looks like a giant petrified trees basically.
Timothy Sackton: It looks like it is code, just like every part of it is coated in stone there's no leaves there's no.
Timothy Sackton: No buds no flowers, it seems dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hundreds of feet tall or 10s if not.
Timothy Sackton: Hundreds of feet, it is actually I should be clear, it actually dominates the skyline it's it's it's maybe 100 and hundred hundred and 50 feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 200 feet tall something like that it's it's sort of just above the height of the Dome of the temple which is otherwise the highest point in the city.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because this sort of enormous skeletal looking stone tree, that is, bear.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'd like to go investigate the tree I had intended to do that before but didn't have time.
Timothy Sackton: wow is that it, I mean, I guess, my question is, are you going so you have rooms in two places your firm's that.
Timothy Sackton: Carry and then you have rooms at the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: Your presumably evening going to.
Timothy Sackton: you've got all your courses you gotta like tend to your horses like you know take care of business before you go charging across the city.
Eric Rosenbaum: What would it mean to we would camp outside the city.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We got to put our horses somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: No i'm just asking where you're like not not where you would like not what are you going to do over the next week, but where are you going at.
Timothy Sackton: 430 in the evening after you spent two and a half days writing across the plate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we check in at the end and and gets.
Mike Sackton: excited yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think we should go back to the end yeah.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: yeah I think we should go back to the end, as a starting spot at least.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You ride through the city.
Timothy Sackton: arrived arriving at at Koreans, on the evening of the eighth.
Timothy Sackton: And he you know you attract some attention right you're not writing in card need to go through the city, so you know those people kind of you know, talking about you certainly your your.
Timothy Sackton: rumors of your deeds have no spread much more widely.
Timothy Sackton: Given that it's been next room like it's now like more than a week, since you arrived in town.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You know there's a small number of people in the common room of of the end and that carry in the bartender.
Timothy Sackton: kind of looks off as you as you return says friends.
Timothy Sackton: wondering when you come back, I have a number of messages for you.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sorry you're going to be staying past tonight because.
Timothy Sackton: I believe your rooms are only paid for through this evening.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will settle in the morning, what messages, do you have for us.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: brings out as Chief of.
Timothy Sackton: For like.
Timothy Sackton: notes all sealed handsome to you.
Timothy Sackton: These.
Timothy Sackton: enjoy, will you be taking a meal and the common room or up in Europe up in your sweet.
Mike Sackton: The common room be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we might like some privacy, while we review our messages together.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When we come back down to you.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very good.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, for notes um the first is from.
Timothy Sackton: can see the archivist with the locking monastery she says.
Timothy Sackton: I have found quite a lot of interesting things about.
Timothy Sackton: The questions you asked come see me at your convenience and I can share what i've learned.
Timothy Sackton: i'm The second is from.
Timothy Sackton: What was her name.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry hold on is from fault or a hearthstone the mother of Dag cards that were whoa.
Timothy Sackton: And it is dated from like.
Timothy Sackton: Five from like.
Timothy Sackton: The day after you left, so what five days ago.
Timothy Sackton: And it says.
Timothy Sackton: Dag tossed and turned and had bad dreams of shadows in a deep forest.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: He did not turn.
Timothy Sackton: he's ready to talk when you are.
Timothy Sackton: Please come visit us.
Timothy Sackton: And then, a few days later, another note from.
Timothy Sackton: Foster hard stone that says.
Timothy Sackton: We have heard that you're on a journey.
Timothy Sackton: I hope you will come visit when you return.
Timothy Sackton: The dreams have faded Dag seems okay.
Timothy Sackton: But I am not sure.
Timothy Sackton: Then.
Timothy Sackton: A letter from go via.
Timothy Sackton: That says.
Timothy Sackton: I have that there is much evil in these notes, you have laughed.
Timothy Sackton: Some.
Timothy Sackton: I have.
Timothy Sackton: What does it say there's much evil in these notes, you have left, I have, I have read much and dug deeply in.
Timothy Sackton: The last corners of our archives.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps I can shed some light on what has occurred.
Timothy Sackton: Come see me when you can.
Timothy Sackton: And then I guess there's also say five messages.
Timothy Sackton: As a note from.
Timothy Sackton: Six messages.
Timothy Sackton: um there's a note from kayla.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Six unread emails.
Timothy Sackton: I know right.
Mike Sackton: Now reading them all.
Timothy Sackton: A law that says.
Timothy Sackton: Your companion.
Timothy Sackton: Rizwan has last day unrepentant werewolf for me to deal with, please advise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: unrepentant wearables.
Timothy Sackton: Remember the.
Timothy Sackton: Prisoners that you.
can't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not exactly.
Timothy Sackton: But you kept to prisoners one was like willing to be.
Timothy Sackton: cured, and the other was like no.
Timothy Sackton: Right can't do anything about that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: huh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah then.
Timothy Sackton: One from this one saying I guess.
Timothy Sackton: hey i'm still in town i'm at the.
Timothy Sackton: Was the name of the door, but then.
Timothy Sackton: i'm at the.
kate: iron swan.
Timothy Sackton: iron swan.
Timothy Sackton: let's talk when you get back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In the mirror.
Mike Sackton: Because that's not a bad idea we don't have any other ideas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That they have prisons in in toker like Why would we take the werewolf with us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feels.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not our problem.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I agree, but I imagine the dunmurry don't have like a prison concept of a life sentence.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So if we want to be able to ask this guy anything in the future we may have to bring it with us, on the other hand, maybe we just cut our losses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we do that and not carry around a dangerous werewolf with us for we're already carrying around a few dangerous things you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dangerous hobgoblin the sorcerer from another age, you know that whole thing.
Mike Sackton: That lets the world what really worth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean you also make an interesting argument that we should be collecting really dangerous creatures to put into the mirror on purpose.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what you're saying.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then go to the bad guys base and smash the mirror and run away.
Eric Rosenbaum: What does one do with a werewolf what does one to with it an unrepentant what does that.
Mike Sackton: He doesn't want to be cured.
Eric Rosenbaum: When there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is a cure requires this kind of cooperation is there a way to kick out cooperation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, perhaps we we meet with resin and and they can they can elucidate further the situation, but we can deal with the werewolf when we talked with with this one.
Already.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anybody have any reactions to the other letters.
Mike Sackton: Well, we should go talk to.
Mike Sackton: Sorry, there was the I mean it sounds like we should there's lots of people go to talk to you right, we can collect the information go here we can go talk to the dwarfs which.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah right.
Mike Sackton: Go talk to the archive I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's a lot to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's get a good night's sleep and and and just get started making some visits around town Britain early.
Mike Sackton: What time I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Give me a reason.
Mike Sackton: let's.
Mike Sackton: yeah and maybe here you go i'm in Rome that's we can I don't think it would be bad to to hear a little bit about what people are saying and beyond display a little bit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah that's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why.
Eric Rosenbaum: We like to be like to be famous.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To see who's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Looking for us.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh i'm a seeker and kenza need still need to go to the giant tree so that secret so that kenzo can somehow create a magic quarter staff from the wood from the tree just an fyi.
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers not convinced that that's gonna work but we'll definitely willing to try yeah.
Mike Sackton: Oh let's send they have like you know.
Mike Sackton: 18th century one didn't style mail, where you could just send a letter and they don't get there, like right away.
Timothy Sackton: We I mean you can like there's a lot of there's a lot of.
Timothy Sackton: People and I mean town is packed.
Timothy Sackton: The city is packed with a lot of people who lost their animals and lively.
Timothy Sackton: Right it's not hard at all to find somebody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: send the message.
Timothy Sackton: So we could.
Mike Sackton: We could.
Mike Sackton: We could send a messenger.
Mike Sackton: Pretty easily too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because when.
Mike Sackton: breezeway to say come join us for dinner yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a good idea.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How far How far is it said there's one here.
Timothy Sackton: Not far I mean you're 10 blocks in most.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kinds of a go getter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kinds of needs some exercise.
Timothy Sackton: is to get it steps.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah nice to get.
Eric Rosenbaum: A ring that lets you like jump over entire buildings and stuff so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah Well, I can just jump really far I can run really fast jump really far yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I can cancel it goes to the Durban in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Green screen or Islam or warmly and invites them to to die at the listening to the NM.
Timothy Sackton: Just Karen.
karen's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: resume do you do, would you like to join us for dinner.
kate: And would love to hear what you've been experiencing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well let's let's enjoy a nice stroll through town back to back to the backyard it's.
Timothy Sackton: A very nice sunset actually unusual some samples clouds and sky.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Medicine quality.
Mike Sackton: Like rain clouds.
Eric Rosenbaum: 17 clients.
Timothy Sackton: Now we're just like.
Timothy Sackton: clouds when the sun itself.
Timothy Sackton: In the distance like just little tiny clouds but still clouds different.
kate: unusual for this part of the world, but not necessarily for.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah for this part.
Timothy Sackton: So you return back to the common remet Koreans and.
Timothy Sackton: He sets you up with a meal is you kind of settle in um.
Timothy Sackton: You know, some people coming going, but this is, you know this isn't the local in right, this is where the like rich merchants traveling from charleston or ever stay mostly.
Timothy Sackton: there's definitely a hair a couple of charted chardon ian's.
Timothy Sackton: You know, probably.
Timothy Sackton: Probably merchants of some kind there's like a small group of Denmark talking quietly.
Timothy Sackton: handful of people just kind of loitering around like one person that looks like they're begging for food and carrying camera shoves them out i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Not super crowded it's know entertainment or anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then, before we leave in Kansas we'll do a little little interview of curated and learn more at his stories and read a little little chapter about him.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
Timothy Sackton: But first, you want to talk to a resolution.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So kinds of arrives finds that the table, where everybody settled and walks over with with rose when.
Eric Rosenbaum: good to see you again.
kate: good to see you are you tired from your journey back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no, of course, you know we're.
Eric Rosenbaum: Quite used to.
Eric Rosenbaum: To to rugged travel across the countryside.
kate: So it wasn't particularly burdensome that's good to hear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And how about you, we received a note that the werewolf you captured has been troublesome somehow.
kate: Well, you know he refute of the two of them.
kate: They were each their own separate kind of trouble, I mean when I was glad to help you know we spent some time searching among the refugee populations to help find.
kate: An object that would help her connect to her past and do the ritual to help her be cured.
kate: And you know vista was able to help me connect with the refugees around here and provide some local guidance, so we eventually managed that and I was glad to be of help to her, but the other fellow you know he still.
kate: swears that you know he is what he is and he did what he did, and do it again, and you know there's no he is not interested and there's no way to convert them and his past is dead and burned and gone and mongo and far away and.
kate: not my place to just chop his head off without you guys coming back to discuss it, so I gave him to the authorities and I don't know if they have long term confinement her.
kate: Death sentences or what they might cook up for him.
kate: or when we might be inclined to.
kate: suggests on his behalf.
Eric Rosenbaum: There isn't really a path towards re entry into society of someone who has this affliction is they're.
Eric Rosenbaum: inherently rather dangerous.
kate: You know, it is hard to.
kate: offer the hope of free entry into society, when you know his past is burned and fire away and so there's not really an anchor to cure him, but if he was desperate to be cured and wanted to go on a quest East that'd be a different mindset Ben.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does I wonder if any in.
kate: That he can't be cured because he doesn't want to be anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, is there is there, someone in our group, perhaps that might be able to temporarily persuade him to want to be cured until after.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, after he's cured if he's you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not sad about his new state.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No problem.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can always command him to be cured.
Eric Rosenbaum: You raise an interesting point here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does to somebody and 10s of kind of glances at the those that can cast spells at the table if somebody has the power of persuasion as part of your.
kate: capabilities, but consider what were persuaded him to do and great are we ready to go off on a quest to the East to find his past.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To make it all we need to find the object oh yeah Fuck that now.
Eric Rosenbaum: So what, what do you know of his past he comes from.
Eric Rosenbaum: The clay glands.
kate: Right, so they got in when the defenses are down.
kate: So he's been in the state a long time, and wherever his past was was over there and he's not telling us more about it, I mean, I suppose, if we compelled him we could possibly get the truth of his origins out of him and go there and.
kate: see if there was any remnant to salvage his.
kate: humanity.
kate: But.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have we ever tried putting a creature in front of that mirror.
kate: Tell me more about history guys have.
Mike Sackton: Ever tried to put a person in front of the mirror that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think so.
Mike Sackton: huh.
Mike Sackton: Try.
Timothy Sackton: This is the mirror from the Tower at.
Timothy Sackton: The history of whatever you.
Timothy Sackton: showed to it.
Timothy Sackton: That down with accidentally triggered would be.
Timothy Sackton: Looking at the door.
kate: It just reveal something about the.
kate: entity that you're showing it doesn't second into some other dimension that's a.
Mike Sackton: Separate mirror for that we have a different year for that.
kate: We collect that's why I was confused.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Lots of years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're collecting cool mirrors.
kate: So what do you call mirror and mirror be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: George and sandy.
kate: George.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you suck something else into you.
Eric Rosenbaum: You don't this is yours.
kate: Okay, so there are two mirrors so.
kate: Yes, therein lies my confusion.
Eric Rosenbaum: It would be pretty bad to mix them up, but one is.
Eric Rosenbaum: better than the other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah, so if toker is unable to handle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: capturing this werewolf that is a problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, so that.
Eric Rosenbaum: person is restraints currently Is that true.
kate: Yes, I just don't think that.
kate: Long term imprisonment is something that took her is set up for.
kate: And I mean there is, we should talk to her to my stream.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: speaker Laura.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: la.
kate: la la we should talk to to lay ahead and see what her views of the options are.
Eric Rosenbaum: To look for the three ingredients, the divine touch.
Timothy Sackton: Well it's basically magic and something from their past life, the magic can either be.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a specific style or.
Timothy Sackton: prayers like divine intervention by a God.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can't do the spell and the divine intervention and skip the.
Timothy Sackton: You know, you need the thing.
Timothy Sackton: The object.
Mike Sackton: i'm not sure that that it would be so wrong to send this.
Mike Sackton: creature into the prison error.
kate: mean we killed 12 other ones, we could just kill them.
Absolutely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If we put them in the mirror we'll just postponing killing him eventually right.
Mike Sackton: Now, where.
Mike Sackton: we're hoping that we will that at some point we'll find.
Mike Sackton: A way to cure him, even if the chances well what's the downside.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Acceptable release.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the pure you'd prefer not to be cured regardless, so it might be difficult to enact the cure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, if we do end up traveling east, then we could find an object.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah persuade him.
kate: Then, what do we do with a cured werewolf is angry about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well then, we go.
To prison the vpn.
Mike Sackton: Would he be angry about it when he's scared I don't think we know, I certainly wouldn't want to guess what the effects of like entropy on ones mental state.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm a little more alarmed at the bloodthirsty enos of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A wealthy.
Eric Rosenbaum: To be fair, we have slaughtered, a lot of werewolves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: True.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's no there's no real hope of turning this person back and they don't want to be, and we don't owe it to them.
Mike Sackton: He surrendered to us to.
Mike Sackton: do that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe he'll find peace in the next life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, if but let's talk to Claire Claire has able to resolve.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This and they're able to take the werewolf.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great we don't have to worry about it, if they can't then again we defer to clay, how would they would they like us to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: terminate the werewolf, in which case we could do that or if there's no appetite for that i'm fine putting in the mirror.
kate: I mean, is the still remaining actor of the group that committed crimes in the town it's there you have some sort of jurisprudence and judgment, whether he surrendered or not may or may not play into their laws, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: There may.
kate: be a.
kate: legal and moral system already in place, we don't have to be the.
Mike Sackton: Yes, if we if i'm.
Mike Sackton: TELCO wishes to take responsibility for him.
Mike Sackton: So, Chris his sins were against the city of toker more than anything.
Mike Sackton: Certainly not, I think our place to keep him from their justice but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If.
Mike Sackton: If they are willing or uncertain about taking responsibility for this creature I think slaughtering even a werewolf in cold blood is not something that I would sign up for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we shouldn't take justice into our own hands.
Mike Sackton: Not when we have a way to.
Mike Sackton: Not when we have a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Only when we're in a hurry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only when we're in a situation where it's our problem this isn't our problem or, this is not our process just were to grow let's let's hope grows system handle it for now.
Eric Rosenbaum: see if they have founded and for.
kate: US it.
Eric Rosenbaum: mentors and self Defense.
Mike Sackton: We did children metaphors and self Defense.
Eric Rosenbaum: or they were.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sleeping and they were like kids there to like little kid math, of course.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like cute little.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we kind of aggressively killed them ourselves for sure that's what happened.
kate: We do it.
Mike Sackton: rented cars are vicious beasts they're not human or Alvin or Torben.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm so certain certain among the intelligent and speaking creatures are worthy of life, but others are not.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: Some some creatures have souls and.
Mike Sackton: connection to the gods and hope of free well, others are driven by their insane desires and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Their beasts that barbaric.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, so this werewolf is actually a human done Murray human or we don't know.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know what.
Mike Sackton: But a human of some kind, if we can.
Mike Sackton: Yes, you are Emma.
Eric Rosenbaum: How many open slots in the trap beer do.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know how many slots are in total, but there's only one thing in it so there's got to be a decent number.
Mike Sackton: Now we have.
Mike Sackton: Some there.
Timothy Sackton: are no that's true there's want to work in there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we also know how many total there were in there, initially, because we released a bunch of things.
Mike Sackton: easily one for dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: No, I try right yeah.
Mike Sackton: Two of us are tracked plus niles trapped.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At the same time that everybody else was in.
there.
Mike Sackton: Like every you.
Timothy Sackton: know, are you released to others.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then the Princess.
Timothy Sackton: heroes at least five opens.
Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: solution collect some more werewolves to put in.
kate: Now they're in short supply.
kate: they're an endangered population they're.
Great.
Eric Rosenbaum: But easy enough for the one to buy more.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
kate: That can happen in your mirror can.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not from inside the mirror.
kate: There, but can it bite the orc.
Mike Sackton: they're separate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mentions yeah they're little cells they're little.
Mike Sackton: they're they're independent, they cannot they cannot.
Eric Rosenbaum: As as far as we know.
kate: Do we were in there, at the same time, but you weren't in there together.
kate: Correct.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yes, we we sort of knew that we weren't there at the same time as.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We speak confidently as though we have detailed functional knowledge of how to operate this thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: We saw to.
Mike Sackton: Share you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We do 5050.
Eric Rosenbaum: consult.
Timothy Sackton: Are you.
Go to.
Timothy Sackton: The next morning.
kate: Where Am I meeting you all the next morning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here we go to bed, though I do my interview with the keeper.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: Why do you ask.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we can role play later too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you know I asked him about his life, I asked him about you know how long he's had the end I asked him, you know just just some some normal you know non hero talk.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, why don't we just do five minutes right now.
Timothy Sackton: it's like.
Timothy Sackton: sits down kind of kind of looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: Thanks for asking.
Timothy Sackton: I was born.
Timothy Sackton: 46 years ago here in Tokyo.
Timothy Sackton: God was the temple guard my mom's dress.
Timothy Sackton: it's kind of a boring life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What made you start the.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wow.
Timothy Sackton: that's quite interesting before before I started the end.
Timothy Sackton: I was a young lad.
Timothy Sackton: rode off with.
Timothy Sackton: Shaun donovan.
Timothy Sackton: War badly arrows recruiting some.
Timothy Sackton: You know, young folks to come.
Timothy Sackton: protect the trade going to sungar.
Timothy Sackton: already been.
Timothy Sackton: Lots of.
Timothy Sackton: These little dragon like creatures cobalt their calls.
Timothy Sackton: And rating.
Timothy Sackton: course thieving.
Timothy Sackton: Things like that, so I joined up there was a good five years plenty of plenty of action.
Timothy Sackton: Road mostly along the minute gap near sun God.
Timothy Sackton: Telling some of these little bastards steal our stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Until I was wounded.
Timothy Sackton: Cut my leg up pretty bad broke the band couldn't couldn't really fight after that.
Timothy Sackton: They have.
Timothy Sackton: vicious little creatures.
Timothy Sackton: Think you've got them corner, then they'll run off lead you straight into some death trap.
Timothy Sackton: horrible little little bastard got me.
Timothy Sackton: anyway.
Timothy Sackton: came back here didn't quite know what to do, but.
Timothy Sackton: With a big soccer gold so.
Timothy Sackton: i'd started in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And how long Have you had the end up.
Timothy Sackton: Coming on 15 years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, in your 15 years of running this in water what's the craziest thing you've seen here like what are the, what are the things that you've seen here that have moved you the most most memorable for you.
Timothy Sackton: Well points in our that's definitely one of the other things i've seen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's definitely odd give you that have you seen any other else in 15 years.
Timothy Sackton: Not stated my end.
Timothy Sackton: there's been a few that have passed through occasionally they'll come stay in the.
Timothy Sackton: monastery not for the past seven years, eight years.
Timothy Sackton: Now what's.
Timothy Sackton: This past few months of gotta be some of the craziest my tournament okra.
Timothy Sackton: it's normally pretty quiet time, to be honest.
You know.
Timothy Sackton: get some chardon ian's coming in.
Timothy Sackton: They tip well.
Timothy Sackton: Usually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's blood on the money, though, when they give it to you right usually.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean it's money right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm kidding.
Timothy Sackton: Right, did you get your money from I mean this is on founded on blood money if you want to be honest about it.
Timothy Sackton: Oh ball blood, but you know blood than the last.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and not the truth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what about your family, what about you have any idea of a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Partner any children.
Timothy Sackton: never found the right person.
Timothy Sackton: Parents still live here they're.
Timothy Sackton: quite old now and dad died a couple years ago but keep my mom you know take care of her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: son.
Timothy Sackton: had my wild time and our youth now, I just want to.
Timothy Sackton: Things are good keep them good.
Timothy Sackton: don't rock the boat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what would you say, maybe to wrap up what's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you were to tell your story, what would you think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you'd want to share to the world, so that they would remember you by what would you want the How would you want to be remembered.
Timothy Sackton: I felt this place.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know who i'll leave it to.
Timothy Sackton: Scott some years on the left.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe i'll find somebody so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess i'm asking more is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's say hypothetically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your story where to live on beyond this time and that others may learn about you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And could review.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and learn of your name, how would you want to be remembered.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What would you want to say the future generations.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: About yourself.
Timothy Sackton: sitting by the campfire on the road with Sean don and his band.
Timothy Sackton: Drinking some.
Timothy Sackton: Wine and eating.
Timothy Sackton: rosemead and telling stories of our family back home, who are fighting for dreaming about what we would do with that money.
Timothy Sackton: So much potential in those days.
Timothy Sackton: It was a.
Timothy Sackton: That was my family.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wonderful Thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dutifully writes down the contents of the story.
Timothy Sackton: Thanks for thanks for listening.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you for sharing shit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You won't be for you won't be forgotten at least amongst the order of fishman for sure, thank you.
Timothy Sackton: sort of smiles and you doesn't quite know what you mean by order of nourishment but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Amongst the awakened soul order the way console.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that you sort of looks looks is sort of laid out but I.
Timothy Sackton: thought they were all gone.
Timothy Sackton: you're looking at, why is used to tell stories of.
Timothy Sackton: When they would come into towns and camps and.
Timothy Sackton: record people's lives.
Timothy Sackton: Their back sort of smiles.
Timothy Sackton: so nice to meet you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We are bad well we're actually quite a group of storytellers except for valve.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's like a black hole for stories isn't really a record them or tell them just things happen around everybody else.
Timothy Sackton: sort of smiles well.
Timothy Sackton: appreciate it hope you enjoyed the meal, let me know if you want to stay longer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will let you know.
Timothy Sackton: bring up your bill for another week.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thanks, thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So many places.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just quickly do I know anything about.
Eric Rosenbaum: cobalts and their history in this area.
Timothy Sackton: History check.
Timothy Sackton: A few days to play um.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you've you've read of cobalts they're they're supposedly the.
Timothy Sackton: lesser offspring of dragons.
Timothy Sackton: They are.
Timothy Sackton: They are sort of typically.
Timothy Sackton: thought of as like us and bandits.
Timothy Sackton: You probably never met one.
Timothy Sackton: There sort of seen as a.
Timothy Sackton: General kind of nuisance, they tend not to live.
Timothy Sackton: deep underground and so towards don't they don't usually.
Timothy Sackton: deal with tours they tend to live in like little you know shallow caves and sort of isolated little hideouts and usually near humans.
Timothy Sackton: They will often.
Timothy Sackton: From what you know, but again, this is all you know secondhand information there's no coupon sources to be.
Timothy Sackton: And what you know they will you know raid and steel, and you know, once their campus found set traps and then flee hope that people.
Timothy Sackton: eventually decide that number of them dying in their own little traps in this Jeff is.
Timothy Sackton: not worth.
Timothy Sackton: it's better to just pay the cost of the banditry they rarely kill it.
Timothy Sackton: except in self Defense they just steal.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if there's they're still abroad in the countryside west of here.
Timothy Sackton: Possible I mean you don't really you don't there's no you've never encountered any like detailed histories of a cobalt donmar or anything so they don't really know.
Timothy Sackton: Just know general things not anything specific about there.
Timothy Sackton: But they're like more and local presence.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I like the noles.
Timothy Sackton: yo yeah yeah they're definitely not my goals that are endemic, they would.
Timothy Sackton: Be in an area for a while until either the people drive them out or.
Timothy Sackton: they're killed or they leave for better.
Timothy Sackton: You know better place.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So where to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go to the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cloud where the where the archives are.
Timothy Sackton: So there's the big Plaza there's temple on one side of the closet the archives on the other side.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can we stop by the Red lily in this the heckling him on the way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I want to check in on the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): charm hearts and on the guy who we.
Timothy Sackton: get to eat your.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tea leaf right who knows stuff about us and is telling everybody about.
Timothy Sackton: that's not him that's whatever happening storyteller happy to have been.
Mike Sackton: Present right again.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: Is that a red.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is the storyteller there as we go.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So it's still relatively early in the morning there's not that many people are awake, in fact, all you see is Garrett TV sort of nursing his tea and eggs for breakfast, otherwise the end is pretty empty.
Timothy Sackton: Probably just too early.
let's see here.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: I guess probably.
Timothy Sackton: yeah now it's pretty I would love just for simplicity say it's pretty empty.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sit down here and say how are you doing.
Timothy Sackton: Oh look up as you come in sort of wave to you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: Are you.
Timothy Sackton: Come to say hi.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I wanted to check in and so wanted to give some money to the term hurts.
Timothy Sackton: Or the sort of it's sort of snaps his finger and this sort of younger half link comes every says ty ty.
Timothy Sackton: younger guy walks over and says yes, yes.
Timothy Sackton: says.
Timothy Sackton: My friend well be here is looking for wants to leave a.
Timothy Sackton: package of charm hearts, could you take it up to them.
Timothy Sackton: yeah they're still here we're hoping to leave for Barbara and the next week or two but.
Timothy Sackton: it's been some rumors of.
Timothy Sackton: trouble on the road.
Timothy Sackton: it's going to travel with them.
Timothy Sackton: Looking to.
Timothy Sackton: Get get a few outs of US few other half lines together to make a bit of a caravan out of that.
Timothy Sackton: So I.
Timothy Sackton: heard a rumor that.
Timothy Sackton: that the road across the mountains was was dangerous and that people were getting captured and kidnapped and they're trying to cross.
Timothy Sackton: From clam chowder to nine Har.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: seemed.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, not sure I want to.
Timothy Sackton: We didn't really want to travel by ourselves after one i've been through and what they've been through.
Timothy Sackton: Not that we're taking that role goes straight to Darbar but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): who's doing the capturing the rumor sit.
Twitter account.
Timothy Sackton: Just.
Timothy Sackton: People go missing head over the mountains don't come back.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know Maybe my news is old.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I look inquiry only with one eyebrow raised at the rest of you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): know we probably should we should.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): button, the road them from here to some garden unto darpa's clear.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
Mike Sackton: That this is the roadside is he talking about the road from on target to die.
Mike Sackton: yeah like the one that's not i'm just talking about it's not like it's still really from ask candy to ny ours that.
Mike Sackton: That yes to the mountains.
yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): how's it doing.
Timothy Sackton: Good days worse days.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): well.
Timothy Sackton: Improving.
kate: I haven't been your your friend here well be, but I don't think that is any concerned about the bandits on that roadway anymore.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good news.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where they.
kate: It was a there was a cult of sorts that was taking prisoners and trying to.
kate: Do sacrifices that we had to we had to deal with in our.
kate: area around 13 Tudor.
kate: While back, but.
kate: they're no longer.
kate: Acting towards those ends.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can watch out for those cults.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So i'm going to give them a bunch of stuff to pass on to him or them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Some of the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The locket and the ring from the hassling killed back camera be carrying around for a long time that they can hopefully pass back to whatever descendants of those people are still around or family.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Some of the money in garnets and stuff I have on me and my old short sword, and so basically just here's here's some stuff that's useful for the road.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: very appreciative.
Timothy Sackton: Where are you heading next.
Timothy Sackton: What is your story.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We think we're going to DARPA after the cloak that conceals you from the gods that this cercone group is on the lookout for but we're not 100% sure it's there.
Timothy Sackton: That sounds like a story.
Timothy Sackton: not sure I want to get involved in any other magic.
Timothy Sackton: that's fair not sure, and you should want to get involved in any other magic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i've never been to DARPA before.
Timothy Sackton: wow DARPA is one thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So you're going to DARPA and then not charging afterwards.
Timothy Sackton: Well i'm hoping to.
Timothy Sackton: reconnect with the tea leaves and Darbar.
Timothy Sackton: lost my.
Timothy Sackton: Family and some years ago.
Timothy Sackton: But they're still out there.
Timothy Sackton: immediately.
Timothy Sackton: Please do.
Timothy Sackton: And thank you this is appreciated.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah absolutely give give Kelly my best.
kate: Which particular tealeaf are you again, can I.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry i'm not sure we've been introduced them i'm going to.
kate: carry it my name is russ when.
Timothy Sackton: RON and golem are.
Timothy Sackton: Nice to meet you former prisoner of I got to dust mother rescued by these fine folks.
Timothy Sackton: Now, hoping to.
Timothy Sackton: find my family.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How is the story coming it was nearly a week ago I I shared it with the tellers it crafted yet as he started telling it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: It was quite the story.
Timothy Sackton: It will make a beautiful song.
Timothy Sackton: And, of course, will change in the thing.
Timothy Sackton: But yes, it was a first performance yesterday.
Timothy Sackton: Was beautiful.
Timothy Sackton: will be important for our people to remember, I believe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, safe travels to.
Timothy Sackton: You as well.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you leave the red lily.
Timothy Sackton: What else is on your agenda.
Timothy Sackton: So that's the locket the ring that the garnets in your short survey yep okay.
Mike Sackton: Should we go talk to.
Mike Sackton: The dwarf I forget his name.
Timothy Sackton: dad cards down yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: and his mother.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think, at this point it's mostly just to reassure them and make sure everything's okay right like we don't need information anymore, as far as I know, but.
Mike Sackton: We should still stop him yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: can be brief.
Timothy Sackton: So you had across to the archives you.
Timothy Sackton: So when you when you first sort of knock and.
Timothy Sackton: there's still a template there's still a couple temple guard station at the at the door now i'm just kind of keeping watch keeping an eye on things they recognize you and they let you in, and you can see that there's like a corner of.
Timothy Sackton: So the main room is like shelves and like storage for books and scrolls but then there's also some desks like.
Timothy Sackton: carol's things like that, and you can see that one corner is just like i'm.
Timothy Sackton: covered in papers, it looks like somebody is in the midst of like spring cleaning or some kind of massive.
Timothy Sackton: reorganization there's just like thing you know books stacked scrolls like spread out across five different tables and evolve and pushed together nodes just kind of written everywhere.
Timothy Sackton: And the guard.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go here.
Timothy Sackton: Who lets you and asked to you're here to see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we should talk to go here first.
Mike Sackton: let's talk to that I go here might take some time I would I would talk to the what I talked to the door, I mean we're here to see you guys i'll just tell them the guard where we're here to see I forgot his name again stone stone heart.
Timothy Sackton: heart it's done.
Mike Sackton: hi justin.
Mike Sackton: we're here to see the hard stones and also go here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes.
Timothy Sackton: Both have expect been expecting.
Timothy Sackton: feel free.
Timothy Sackton: weights UN go here is, I believe.
Timothy Sackton: dylan is chambers at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: At hearts done this are.
Timothy Sackton: Are in their quarters usually.
Mike Sackton: i'll not over towards the giant pile is that work.
Timothy Sackton: I mostly stand outside but yes, I think so.
Mike Sackton: Thank you.
Mike Sackton: let's I mean let's start by going downstairs and talking to the titans.
Timothy Sackton: That they're you know sort of sitting around the.
Timothy Sackton: Father and uncle are in the workshop father is.
Timothy Sackton: Sitting talking quietly with Dag.
Timothy Sackton: looks up is, as you come in i'm.
Timothy Sackton: kind of smiles seeker and kind of waves that at you, and when i'm.
Timothy Sackton: You mad great.
Eric Rosenbaum: course.
Timothy Sackton: Three doors helping me couldn't be a coincidence.
Timothy Sackton: I guess now i've heard from many people, the story you you maybe don't need to.
Timothy Sackton: Our don't need to tag to relive that trauma anymore, but.
Timothy Sackton: And she gets a little nervous I would and she kind of leads in a quieter place, I would ask about the dreams.
Timothy Sackton: He he says there.
Timothy Sackton: says they're good dreams, but they don't sound good to me.
Timothy Sackton: And, three, four days, five days since he's had them.
Timothy Sackton: But when he told me was she's like talking quietly he's like you know, working on on lessons or something he's like sort of often the quarter pension.
Timothy Sackton: costs in terms, he had streamed of shadows in a deep forest.
Timothy Sackton: Of twilight of darkness under the woods of.
Timothy Sackton: The sound of.
Timothy Sackton: In the distance.
Timothy Sackton: I thought the way he talked it sounded like something was hunting him, but he said knows the horns of the hunt keeping him safe.
Timothy Sackton: This does not sound like a good dream to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So perks up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: resume and perhaps you could shed some light, as well as i've had similar dreams.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: Goliath well.
Mike Sackton: sort of color um.
Mike Sackton: I would not fear those dreams, those are the.
Mike Sackton: echoes of.
Mike Sackton: Of a scar the god who granted him.
Mike Sackton: Freedom from his curse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm not sure that's totally true.
Mike Sackton: i'm sure it is.
kate: Can so if you're having dreams of the Durban gods who's blessing I conveyed on you, that would make sense as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am.
Mike Sackton: A twilight those those are images of office car I I visited that very those very places in the dream world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's where.
Mike Sackton: The scar was from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, and and, again, I think it was when the dwarves and gods that you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: reached out to to help undo the the curse upon me as well, but I still have dreams about that darkness and they are perhaps just echoes, but I have been worried that perhaps my infection is not totally been cleared.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if they need something else altogether.
Eric Rosenbaum: could be that the cure brings echoes with it always.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll be fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: or it could mean that.
Eric Rosenbaum: The.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's still a pocket of infection with inside me that's what i'm scared of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or that indicates that activity of other werewolves nearby.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps those recently cured have a kind of sensitivity.
Timothy Sackton: She looks around sort of nervously I go here go here, thank you please keep your voice down I don't want to be worried by.
Timothy Sackton: oversight you killed all the werewolves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yes, we did.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah they're getting to worry that there's nothing to worry about.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, most of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, maybe not the werewolf did me but I don't say that.
Mike Sackton: he's that had these genes that a few days.
Now.
Timothy Sackton: Just the first couple of nights.
Mike Sackton: And kensal have Have you had changed recently.
and
Timothy Sackton: Nonsense nonsense The night before you got to.
Timothy Sackton: got two sockets Pam.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: awesome is just like kind of long code via fading sort of like my irregular heartbeat and lungs that i've gotten better so that's just gotta wait wait a little bit for that.
Eric Rosenbaum: But let's with How does that track with the moon phase so.
wow.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: full moon is fading so now it's waiting.
Timothy Sackton: There waxing whichever is going away from for.
Mike Sackton: Waiting waiting.
Mike Sackton: it's.
Mike Sackton: few of us know much about these know all the secrets of this curse, but I can reassure you that the that the places your son describes and the the.
Mike Sackton: hunt he talks of is an echo of the God that with the curse it's not from the werewolves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, to be extra clear because i've been having the same dreams.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: images are of the protection but there's still protection or something scary.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With.
Protection.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, from something scary just to just to validate it was scary feelings that that they're experiencing because I had to deal with have had a scary feelings.
Mike Sackton: That didn't did she say that her sons.
Timothy Sackton: She said dogs of the huntsman's.
Timothy Sackton: Keeping it safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From.
Mike Sackton: Right in the same way, the the hammers are keeping you safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly, but from what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For all the you still inside me I don't know.
kate: Well, you know if you have a memory of and and.
kate: Have a have a terrible life event that God saves you from the gods are leaving you with a residue of memory of their power and protection to combat the memory of the dark event.
kate: But not necessarily meaning there's any more dark events or need for further protection just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I wanted to present very.
kate: You can so yeah.
Mike Sackton: Why don't why don't you.
Mike Sackton: search bag soul for any remaining hint of the disease.
hmm.
Mike Sackton: if for no other reason than to reassure all year that he is cured.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wonderful idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: And a harmless and safe procedure, he won't even be where it's happening.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, close your eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can take out a knife.
know.
Mike Sackton: He needs to remove yourself from the body to look at it come on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Open up your neck.
So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's a nice item.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah makeup makeup insight Chakra of advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: love this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's go baby Oh, we.
Just closed my thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, launch game.
Eric Rosenbaum: dark mode now enroll 20.
Mike Sackton: I saw that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's dark mode.
Mike Sackton: Just makes everything.
Timothy Sackton: turns everything guard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: turns everything dark.
Mike Sackton: Black white black and white, instead of what.
kate: you're one of those people who likes to read white on black.
kate: Instead of back on my.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is one of those people okay inside check with advantage I love that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh Come on, really.
Mike Sackton: You can do better than that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now that i'm going to be much better.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very.
Mike Sackton: Good better.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking plus what's.
Mike Sackton: Wrong can.
You get a reward.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
know you only get.
Timothy Sackton: two roles, but that's fine that's good enough it's not a difficult thing yeah you don't see any sense like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello false negative rate for looking for soul, citing.
Mike Sackton: Hopefully the dreams will not return next month, but.
Mike Sackton: If they do.
Mike Sackton: We are fairly sure there's just dreams and not something to fear.
Mike Sackton: But perhaps talk to go here, if any, you have any further.
Mike Sackton: If next month, with the full moon any any concerning dreams occur.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I hope you're right, it is reassuring what you said.
Mike Sackton: kenza here as.
Mike Sackton: An uncanny ability to see the truth of somebody if he says there's no white cat therapy, there is none.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Rest assured, rest well.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: myself but that's okay.
kate: isn't it make you feel better to see that he's okay.
Mike Sackton: Which means you're okay.
Mike Sackton: Especially given my week asked God cure him and you had a real God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's true I feel better about myself that i'm a little more worried about him.
Mike Sackton: he's fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did roll 13 it was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If I roll the 20.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You, I think I would put this all the bed I would be like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's no worries i'm totally fine it's good but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I still I still feel like I might be, you know we'll see what happens next month.
Mike Sackton: Well, we won't be here to see what happens will be got down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To me to me because i'm not.
Mike Sackton: sure that all your sleep when I get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My start getting more dreams at that point that's gonna be bad.
Mike Sackton: that's when we take the separate command in order you to not kill us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
Timothy Sackton: that's an idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait are you ordering me not to kill you or to not not to you.
Timothy Sackton: So, moving on.
Timothy Sackton: To talk to them via.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so he is he's sitting he's like.
Timothy Sackton: In his room he's got more papers spread out and it looks like he's trying to like in and the Dewey decimal system basically he's like as a bunch of lists of stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Like different categories and he's like trying to organize things into categories and he walks up when you when you come in and he says, oh.
Timothy Sackton: You got my note I.
Timothy Sackton: So much that I could tell you it's been.
Timothy Sackton: I haven't slept I.
Timothy Sackton: can't.
Timothy Sackton: i've just been working and there's there's a lot in those notes that you, you gave me dealt with right.
Timothy Sackton: There is something.
Timothy Sackton: long awaited ritual.
Timothy Sackton: The next full moon.
Timothy Sackton: When the sky is in the right position in the planes are oriented.
Timothy Sackton: I believe that you stop them, although I don't know how many others may be lurking.
Timothy Sackton: Did you ever.
Timothy Sackton: find the ruins did you go investigate.
Mike Sackton: You did.
Timothy Sackton: And what did the did the map work.
Timothy Sackton: Did you figure it out.
Mike Sackton: We did not know we um.
Mike Sackton: They tried to there was a there was a.
Mike Sackton: creature who.
Mike Sackton: had lost all sanity given himself to the mad one already who sacrificed himself before us and summon something from the mists.
Mike Sackton: An Avatar perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: Not good but.
Timothy Sackton: It couldn't have been very strong the.
Timothy Sackton: Time is wrong, the planes are too far away.
Mike Sackton: It was.
Mike Sackton: Almost strong enough.
Timothy Sackton: Tonight shudder to think what might have happened, how they.
Timothy Sackton: succeeded.
Timothy Sackton: will be another 24 years before the plans are in alignment again for what they need if my calculations are correct.
Timothy Sackton: short time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like 24 years.
Timothy Sackton: Plans rotate.
Timothy Sackton: Well rotate is the wrong word, there is a lot of information in the archives.
Timothy Sackton: If we had maybe he looks around we had competent administration, we might have known what was going to happen, long before it happened, I might not be dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Timothy Sackton: There was.
Timothy Sackton: buried.
Timothy Sackton: misfiled.
Timothy Sackton: notes from commander ilya not just her letters, but the research that she had asked.
Timothy Sackton: To be done on this.
Timothy Sackton: called.
Timothy Sackton: described how they had fled with some.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if it was a scroll or a.
Timothy Sackton: ritual some.
Timothy Sackton: Information that some magical way to which they could.
Timothy Sackton: heather pandemonium to hear.
Mike Sackton: When when was this they fled.
Timothy Sackton: More than 100 years ago.
Mike Sackton: huh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: them, I saw site this guy.
Timothy Sackton: He is like.
Timothy Sackton: have not slept in a super long time and is like totally.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, he clearly still have not recommended with the trauma of his past month, and has just decided he's going to work.
Timothy Sackton: But he seems like you know he is excited about while he's like angry because he's sort of glad that this big you know, maybe you could have stopped it but also he's like you know he's he's telling you what do you think is true for sure.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Among the positions of the werewolves we came across.
Eric Rosenbaum: A scroll that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably part of the magic needed for that.
Eric Rosenbaum: ritual.
Mike Sackton: Or perhaps it is the magic if.
Mike Sackton: It suggests that there was some connection between this group and the group that tried hundreds of years ago.
Mike Sackton: I think it's the.
Timothy Sackton: same group they use the same name the fraternity of the activism, they are you sure.
Timothy Sackton: This direct seeker but have the same, it must be the same item.
Timothy Sackton: They must have.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody must have escaped and flooded and hit out.
Timothy Sackton: Until they could return.
Timothy Sackton: years.
Mike Sackton: How long do werewolves live.
Mike Sackton: Do you know.
Timothy Sackton: I don't they cannot be killed with normal.
Timothy Sackton: Injuries but I don't know if that gives them a longer life.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps they could live a century that would not surprise me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I tell how old anybody has to show site.
Timothy Sackton: know you have to sequence the telomeres for that.
Mike Sackton: Say can you like cut the leg off and look at the tree rings, or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that's how it works with humans actually that's how we tell how babies R Us the data we go other likes each time for you to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold process.
Timothy Sackton: hey i'm sorry i'm.
Timothy Sackton: falling asleep a little there I I think there might be more information about.
Timothy Sackton: We have treated the records in this place all wrong.
Timothy Sackton: it's not just a monument to the gods This is our history.
Timothy Sackton: And there are.
Timothy Sackton: threats that come back over and over again.
Timothy Sackton: Did you know that there was a previous no attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Red storms.
Eric Rosenbaum: That sounds familiar action.
Timothy Sackton: can't dress it told you about it, I believe, somebody told you about it.
hmm.
Timothy Sackton: there's documents in here, I had a fight knows.
Timothy Sackton: People store all sorts of random letters.
Timothy Sackton: Why do we just let those set because we are obsessed with the gods I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I was obsessed with the gods to.
Mike Sackton: anything you can find here about Sarah and her disappearance.
Timothy Sackton: I had heard some strange rumor.
Timothy Sackton: From one of the guards that.
Timothy Sackton: There was.
Timothy Sackton: A dad walked again but, Sir, I had risen from the dead.
Timothy Sackton: So I want you mean.
Mike Sackton: I left the original disappearance.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: mean that was only.
Timothy Sackton: Eight years ago.
Mike Sackton: For information to be.
Timothy Sackton: there's many people who remember it what, what do you want to know, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I can't say i'm the best source of information.
Timothy Sackton: There was.
Timothy Sackton: Many people were sad at the time was she was killed, but.
Timothy Sackton: people die.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, she killed.
Timothy Sackton: goblins I think or orcs or.
Timothy Sackton: She was her.
Timothy Sackton: camp was attacked West those sorry East and southeast of here taking a short card across the desert get from escondido posse de.
Timothy Sackton: never been a safe place even with.
Timothy Sackton: Even with everything the gods do.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe she ventured a little too far east.
Timothy Sackton: knows what lives out there in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: What I heard anyway, but that's not.
Timothy Sackton: I mean this is.
Timothy Sackton: Look there's there's letters from 200 years ago that have probably never been read and we don't do something, are falling apart will never be read again.
Timothy Sackton: These scrolls might turn to dust when touched.
Timothy Sackton: there's no order to how we copy things there's nothing.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not sure half the archivist here, even bother to read anything and just write whatever thoughts come into the pretty little heads and call it scholarship.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know why i'm telling you all this, I.
Timothy Sackton: Just wish I had.
Timothy Sackton: seen this earlier.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): go over some told us a story of the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Two powerful artifacts acceptor and a cloak have you come across anything like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In the archives.
Timothy Sackton: wouldn't surprise me if there was.
Timothy Sackton: Lots of stuff there was.
Timothy Sackton: There was a chart aronian scholar here some months ago.
Timothy Sackton: I spent a while looking for what he could find him and discovering a letter that.
Timothy Sackton: described.
Timothy Sackton: Protection and movement of artifacts of great power from Carson West, perhaps the DARPA.
Mike Sackton: yeah we have that scroll.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think you found anything else concerning ancient artifacts.
Mike Sackton: But is it.
Timothy Sackton: But who knows what else could be in here I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I have only begun to scratch the surface of.
Timothy Sackton: What we don't know about what is stored in this building and there's.
Timothy Sackton: there's.
Timothy Sackton: store room after store room in the basement just stuffed with.
Timothy Sackton: decaying papers that probably nobody's read.
kate: Over it seems that you have the story of the recurring.
kate: planes coming into alignment and this threat of.
kate: like cancer P recurring in this region as a good example of something that, historically, you should be able to track and look out for to motivate your fellow archivists to help you in your causes, and you will perhaps do great work if you.
kate: gain them to your site and.
kate: Take it as a project for many days seem like you should get some rest.
Mike Sackton: TIM just that this was a great war era letter right the death.
Timothy Sackton: Was that OK.
Mike Sackton: So the the the new leader was shimano.
Timothy Sackton: yeah okay.
Mike Sackton: And Carson fell in the Great War.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: It would be interesting to look for other letters here from Carson in that era, this I didn't read this carefully before i'll admit, but this notes.
Mike Sackton: Quite perhaps quite a number of treasures that Carson that we're hitting in Carson from drink.
Mike Sackton: Right, they say regarding Carson more than a few treasures of the ancient age magic from drink or itself.
Mike Sackton: More than a few sounds to me like maybe three was wrong and maybe it's seven.
Mike Sackton: Like it would be good at it, we go for your shirt absolutely get some rest.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: If you would do us a favor.
Mike Sackton: A posting a link to the is that the yeah that's the letter ever yeah I mean there was a link it's in the it's in the handouts folder the Denmark campaign.
Mike Sackton: But if I go here with maybe we're here for another week if go beer would.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps be willing to try to do a bit of a focus search with some of his newfound energy and look for any letters from Carson.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: there's so much to do, I.
Timothy Sackton: If I turn up anything I will let you know for sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is Meta game are there, like artifacts or ways that are like read library, or like you know, like ways to like download massive amounts of information, like quickly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because that like are there spells and magic items that do things like that.
Timothy Sackton: might be, but you don't know of any there's no like official D amp D things that.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might contribute to the endowment for the archives so to help them hire additional entry and more staff.
Mike Sackton: They probably have plenty of money we shouldn't I mean it's good to be charitable but we got to keep a war chest we're going to need money when we're like wandering around uncharted right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah because we're going to buy like ships and possibly in our.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, and I mean there's all kinds of stuff to.
Mike Sackton: Like we shouldn't we shouldn't yeah, we should make sure that we don't you know just.
Mike Sackton: give away all my money.
Mike Sackton: I don't think I don't think money.
Timothy Sackton: and your senses, not as they need what they need more than mine is leadership right.
Timothy Sackton: Right, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: somebody who doesn't treat their archives is like you know, there are personal like patronage project and instead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of a boss.
Timothy Sackton: yeah aren't.
Mike Sackton: That aren't in covenant guy who.
Mike Sackton: But who likes us maybe we should.
Mike Sackton: suggest the promotion actually that's probably the most useful thing we could.
Mike Sackton: do is go talk to art in and try and convince him to promote go here to deputy archivist or something like that.
Mike Sackton: in charge of reorganization.
kate: we're impressed with go bare blah blah blah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah yeah.
kate: But.
Mike Sackton: are no see yes right he likes us.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he likes you let's.
Mike Sackton: let's do it i'm going to I think we should go talk to early dealt with i'll go talk to.
Timothy Sackton: Her okay.
Timothy Sackton: let's just rather than will.
Make it persuasive oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With the bed, since this is a great idea.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can help it can be with advantage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah he buys it, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: willing to give in, when you know, given that he feels he owes you greatly for essentially saving the arca is he's happy.
Timothy Sackton: not happy about it but.
Mike Sackton: Well, I mean that was basically suggesting that he should you know, keep taking all the public credit for the archive and be the important person and go via should do all the work because.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Now I mean actually that he buys into completely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Healthy work dynamics love it.
Mike Sackton: hey.
Mike Sackton: Go get it doesn't seem like.
Mike Sackton: Go here, probably is happy to be the power behind the throne right like.
Mike Sackton: me who does go back and fight office politics on is that once he reorganized the archives.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there'll be a bloodless coup.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
kate: channels is for lung cancer pain.
Mike Sackton: and honestly well.
Mike Sackton: Well, I have them suggest that it might be good to get go via an assistant or two, especially since then his assistant that you get brutally murdered by the werewolves.
Mike Sackton: yeah he probably could use a couple of new assistance right like and it would be, it would be good for his mental health, to have a few a couple not just one, but like two or three people he could work with to start at a tone for some of the trauma of his assistant being killed.
Mike Sackton: i'm sure that angie's budget can stretch to three assistance.
Timothy Sackton: Well, in fact, there were three people who were murdered, and so I can start a little bit even more than three.
Timothy Sackton: He was aren't Yes, he was already planning on on recruiting a few additional people to help.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so having orchestrated this will go back and tell go via about the you know.
Mike Sackton: Basically I want go here to keep us in mind if you find anything interesting.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and in I won't go here to in particular what for anything.
Mike Sackton: Not just as an aside, but I really want to try and convince him that trying to find anything you can about ancient Carson is like at least worthy of a side project if not okay right.
Timothy Sackton: I mean your sentence, he is like really basically obsessed with this organization project and he's like a few weeks away from inventing the Dewey decimal system and great like.
Timothy Sackton: It you know.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, he will do this.
Timothy Sackton: But it's gonna be like three months right like this isn't something that you get information on.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: Do happens have a good way of sending letters to each other, like, how can we get How can he.
Mike Sackton: get information to us when we don't know exactly where we're going to be.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Is there, like a secret hassling telepathic telegram that the kenji never invented the parcel sickness that they were supposed to so.
Timothy Sackton: No, but like if you leave I mean you could leave.
Timothy Sackton: word with people in Durban like, then it would.
Timothy Sackton: It wouldn't wouldn't be mad there's nothing like magical halfway do, but they do tend to keep in touch So if you, you know if, like you, encounter the tea leaves there, whatever you say we're going here they'll know some happening, they can send right toward onto in charge or something.
Mike Sackton: So we could we could tell go via any information you find sent the tea leaves and gaba.
Mike Sackton: And they'll hopefully know how to get it to us from wherever we end up.
Mike Sackton: that's.
Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah they may be safer, I mean it seems like a safer bet to just stop in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The way that charting or excuse me, the way to drink or starts at toker right heading down the river.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so just stopping when you go to drink or.
Mike Sackton: Well, but we may as well, have letters chasing around the continent to right.
Mike Sackton: What if we don't end up going to drink or what different prisons and charging.
Eric Rosenbaum: The information could be a little sensitive to we don't want to spread it gladly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we really decided to bring the Center of power to fucking charting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that we decided to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But why don't we get to Chapter we always going to DARPA.
Mike Sackton: we're going to find the other artifacts and then we're going to become the villains.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good to turn to get the eyes.
Mike Sackton: The eyes.
Mike Sackton: So when we become the villains, the giants will rise up against the humans.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or the journey to become the villain I mean.
Mike Sackton: we're gonna have to kill cancer, first because he's a human.
Timothy Sackton: Imagine the giant with the saboteur power.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow.
Timothy Sackton: that'd be a good deal and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe, although I feel like a storm giant wouldn't feel it saving.
Timothy Sackton: Saving.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh sure yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah one of us does have to attend to it and see what happens.
Like.
Mike Sackton: When when I first picked it up, there was, I was like seriously debating just attuning to it, it was like one in five chance, I was just gonna do it.
Timothy Sackton: One someday you're gonna have you're gonna encounter some problems that would just be so easy to solve and somebody will okay.
Timothy Sackton: i'm confident.
Timothy Sackton: There is a boardroom you're marking in this party somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I trust I trust, only the rope ladder.
Mike Sackton: I guess, we could just have go, but I mean we could just plan on stopping back here on asleep before we go to maybe it's better.
To.
Mike Sackton: Wait what information he's getting he's getting us information about Carson right.
Mike Sackton: More than anything else we're not going to be going to Carson without stopping back to Tokyo.
kate: Right, we can we can check in with him before we leave we can check in with him after we leave and keep them apprised of our movements.
Mike Sackton: yeah let's.
Mike Sackton: get them started on the side project takes in three months it takes them three months.
Mike Sackton: The goal is just anything you can find the hope is that within at some point, anything can find about drink or or Carson he kind of co leads nicely for us and gives us a little information pre pre war Carson.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And Sam I give him the bits about the various dreams, I have to see if you can track down, where they are in the context of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: As he had any strange dreams.
Timothy Sackton: He has like barely slack in seven days.
kate: We would recommend some dreaming for him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was the God that was it also Durban, bad for him to.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: girl side yeah tends to be very curious to see if he's also having some like warhammer protection dreams.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't really remember sleeping.
Timothy Sackton: He says he tried to sleep a little bit the first night and he couldn't fall asleep, and when he did all yard, with this loud.
Timothy Sackton: ringing sound like banging like somebody hating something and it just startled him awake and he couldn't couldn't get back to sleep.
Timothy Sackton: Like a ringing of something in his ears.
kate: mm hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: So do we can explain that this, we believe this to be a side effect of the divine cure.
Timothy Sackton: kind of looks I.
Timothy Sackton: thought it was a side effect of everything that's happened but.
Timothy Sackton: I guess it's better what you say.
Timothy Sackton: So just moving things along assuming there's nothing else you want to talk to go here about what's next on your list, it must be getting towards mid afternoon by now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Probably cross the square and goes have to clear.
Timothy Sackton: As you leave the archives here a large crack of thunder.
Timothy Sackton: You notice it's been cloudy it's now cloudy it was sunny when you left this morning, but in the past, our clouds have rolled in, and as you start walking across the Plaza the skies open up and rain just begins pouring from the sky like heavy downpour.
Timothy Sackton: And everybody starts like coming out of their house just kind of looking up like crowds begin to gather everybody's like pretty pleased you know happy about.
Eric Rosenbaum: We were in a drought before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I know that this is.
Eric Rosenbaum: The Valley.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Aside from the gods about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who's the real ruler of Dunbar.
Mike Sackton: Oh what's the fine, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I believe both sides are going to interpret it their way but we'll see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah it's good, this is a good time to talk to class as well about how she's reading them and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh boy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: good time to leave tomorrow.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: want to pick up the pace here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're still wait another week, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah night we might need to get that on our way back through town later.
Mike Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: So it's July nine so the the.
Timothy Sackton: 15th is when it's ready so like six more days.
Mike Sackton: We we really want it, because otherwise i'm nervous but carrying are mirrors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh no yes day for it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we get.
Mike Sackton: paid for it.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can hang in the monastery.
Mike Sackton: let's let's um I mean you don't.
Mike Sackton: Well, as a clam, then we can can de kamp.
Timothy Sackton: became a monastery right.
Timothy Sackton: I mean So surely i'm isn't.
crazy.
Timothy Sackton: Right, she is.
Timothy Sackton: Like as you enter the temple like.
Timothy Sackton: People are like even though, like administrators and then the guards and stuff we're kind of streaming out.
Timothy Sackton: Every everybody's like quite excited for the long delayed one seems to have arrived.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You see class standing like there's a you know there's a.
Timothy Sackton: Little walkway balcony area like two thirds of the way up here the roof and and you see her standing out there kind of in prayer just looking up at the sky and she kind of.
Timothy Sackton: hears or sees her senses that commotion as you approach the guards and they're sort of lead us, and she sort of waves.
Timothy Sackton: You know, send them off basically the guards are sort of trying to turn you away like she's praying but she kind of waves at you, and you, you had up and stand out on the balcony with her.
Timothy Sackton: That the glistening stone of the Dome of the temple now like water running down and rivulets washing the dust the way.
Timothy Sackton: Not so much wind, just like rain.
Timothy Sackton: crawling.
Timothy Sackton: And she is like as a big smile on her face.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: I am glad to see you because.
Timothy Sackton: we've got to do something about this werewolf, but I am far gladder for the rains.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed, yes it's good for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In this time of drought this this rain is is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed, most welcome.
Timothy Sackton: This would be.
Timothy Sackton: Tomorrow will be the day of renewal, then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What does that entail.
Timothy Sackton: So this is, you would you would know this Okay, and so is your Denmark is like one of the sort of religious.
Timothy Sackton: Part of the Denmark religious cycle it's always celebrated the day after the first of the monsoon rains and it's essentially like a remembrance of G volleys tears, and the.
Timothy Sackton: sacrifice and that there are new of the land, represented by.
Timothy Sackton: By G volleys sacrifice.
Timothy Sackton: sort of the counterpart to the festival rebirth which is like when you volumes be born, this is like.
Timothy Sackton: When Jamali sacrifice yourself for.
Timothy Sackton: done.
Timothy Sackton: um it's not really a big public thing right it's like people.
Timothy Sackton: Say of some sort of treat her some special something to have as part of their evening meal and it's generally a very sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Personal feast and it's not a lot of public people don't return to towns, for it, or anything they typically just celebrate with their families are you know in their camps and.
Timothy Sackton: What nobody you know, nobody will will really do anything tomorrow so everything's gonna be everybody will just be sort of saying their personal prayers and then.
Timothy Sackton: And then having these meals, with their family ah, but she continues.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps the day after, would be a good day for them an auspicious day for the final disposition of this creature.
Timothy Sackton: There is.
Timothy Sackton: No scenario in which we can keep it.
Timothy Sackton: locked in our dungeons for much longer.
Timothy Sackton: Not like we can.
Timothy Sackton: Keep such a dangerous thing around.
Timothy Sackton: And not like we have the.
Timothy Sackton: capacity to keep it locked up and fed and tended for.
Timothy Sackton: forever, I guess, I don't even know how long these things live.
Timothy Sackton: And, given its crimes against our people.
Timothy Sackton: We will execute it.
Timothy Sackton: Unless you have some reason not do for you did not kill it.
Timothy Sackton: When you had the chance, and I wanted to ask why before carrying out our justice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think, at the time we thoughts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It may be useful to keep one of them alive to learn more if there's any information that we can gather, but I think we've.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tried our best to gather any information, we could and i'm guessing your people have as well, so that was the sole reason.
And evidence.
Mike Sackton: surrender to us.
Mike Sackton: And we did not know what the time when we took it surrender that.
Mike Sackton: This creature did not wish to be cured.
Timothy Sackton: Well then, I will.
Timothy Sackton: See to its execution.
Timothy Sackton: It will be good for the people to see justice done, I think, for this crimes that have been done we're committed in secret.
Timothy Sackton: Have.
Timothy Sackton: Some cars light shine on.
Timothy Sackton: The wrong dealers.
Timothy Sackton: especially on such an auspicious day.
Timothy Sackton: will be welcome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo glasses around of the companions everybody seems cool this nobody's like let's keep them in the mirror.
Mike Sackton: Now man.
Mike Sackton: His sins were against the city.
Mike Sackton: No concerns with this city enforcing it's justice on him.
Indeed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then clan i'm pleased i'm glad that there's a solution and i'm glad that justice will be served.
Timothy Sackton: I am as well and.
Timothy Sackton: I am as well.
Timothy Sackton: One problem at a time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed, many problems is to address.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anything else we wanted to talk with Claire Bella.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should tell us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where will well saying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let's ask her what she thinks the Rings me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): play what's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The meaning dispose of the rains coming in this moment after waiting so long.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know what has.
Timothy Sackton: laid to volley so long, but.
Timothy Sackton: I am just thankful, they are here.
Timothy Sackton: There is greater meaning to this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, these are you sure don't you don't you think this means that the Queen is a false Queen and that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will be single handedly edges.
Timothy Sackton: partially into civil war.
Eric Rosenbaum: was really should print you volley in Michigan.
Timothy Sackton: Not in particular, I mean so G volley locker sonkar should an OG here are the five siblings.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: The beach MMA was a human, who was raised to demigods status and had a kid with laca who is.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh we're interested in learning more about the great tree have to cry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very interested.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: First rains are again an auspicious time if you wait.
Timothy Sackton: you wait a few days, you will see a bloom.
Eric Rosenbaum: Truly magical site I don't doubt.
Timothy Sackton: You must have.
seen this.
kate: stone.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no the.
Timothy Sackton: Watch watches it rains the stone will wash away.
Timothy Sackton: And 345 days it'll start to bud.
Timothy Sackton: burst into flour.
Timothy Sackton: And the whole city will smell smell of vanilla for a week.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Clara I have indeed enjoyed the flowering in the past, but I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The events of the past, many months I think i've changed and also given my own spiritual journey in the past period of time i've definitely come to view this tree and and like seeker, I think, have a great interest and curiosity in it that I did not have before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm curious also, I have a strange intuition or or feeling that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All of this timing is not a coincidence, the coming of the rains the blossoming and again the timing of our presence here and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our unfortunate departure sin likely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know anyone who's worked with the would have this tree of the tree.
Timothy Sackton: It hasn't been years since a branch wow that would be the domain of your order.
um.
Timothy Sackton: Anything that any would that fall from the trees.
Timothy Sackton: The property of the lock and monks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of course.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would have known that or is that kind of an obscure detail that i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty obscure given your sort of lack of scholarship as a kid right or the training, you probably know, this is all part of their like making magic items thing that you kind of ignored when you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ali OK.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: OK, I was delinquent for sure so 10 says very intrigued.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's very little upset but what powers, might it have.
Timothy Sackton: You would have to ask.
Timothy Sackton: What is his name, I believe.
Timothy Sackton: So, several of your.
Timothy Sackton: Miss that work with these types of items frequently.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're familiar with that it's the guy that makes the holes and then the other, the other lady.
Timothy Sackton: That yeah yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: were ignored by the other monks and they said this on another side quests.
Timothy Sackton: Exactly.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you collab for for for that and again i'm particularly excited for for this year is blooming.
Timothy Sackton: We were indeed the.
Timothy Sackton: coincident timing.
Timothy Sackton: branch were to fall now, after so many years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anything else we want to a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Big tree it's got a lot of branches.
Timothy Sackton: So that at this point the sun is getting low in the sky, so you are heading to back to the monastery now is that your plan to spend the next we have a State yeah i'm sorry.
Mike Sackton: I think we'll yeah I think so, I mean we might go into town, for, but I think so yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we go back to close the bill at the end, then.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, wow so you've already paid.
Timothy Sackton: yeah paid up front for the week, so you don't owe them anything at this point, you just need to pay more, if you stay long.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, do we want to keep it because, like nobody knows her at the monastery.
Mike Sackton: But so.
Mike Sackton: Are we everybody, I mean this doesn't matter at this point.
Mike Sackton: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: will make.
Eric Rosenbaum: dummies in the shapes of each of our bodies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, no, but it's like like again we're still like walking idiots who like are holding the Center of power that that the fucking hassling do told so like all the happenings know that we have the separate power and so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: have links all talk to each other and other people and it's like you know so it's like we should be a little bit more careful right.
Mike Sackton: But it'd be crazy to just say where you know.
Mike Sackton: kenza was a walking monk, and where we're going to go visit.
Mike Sackton: I don't think there's such a big downside, and just be saying like we're going to them don't I mean all the point people know who we are right.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're not one detail as we're walking down the street discussing this perhaps we could come up with a.
Eric Rosenbaum: code phrase, so that we're not saying sceptre power this Center of power that.
George.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Something needs to be named.
Eric Rosenbaum: George yeah.
i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but the PEPPER of sour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no, that is.
flawless security.
Eric Rosenbaum: The pet their.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Security is another good one actually has a guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or an album or T shirt.
Mike Sackton: Then, after say.
Mike Sackton: So our pay nobody speaks tagline.
Mike Sackton: Right, nobody will figure that.
Mike Sackton: impenetrable totally impenetrable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know quantum computer good to spend.
Mike Sackton: On that code Definitely not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but what's the harm and just extending the room for that we've got like people think we're still take messages they're like what's the harm in doing that.
kate: Like your army.
Eric Rosenbaum: To.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I look like i'm made of gold.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the actual harm the other harm is like yeah like a fucking somebody like malicious comes to the monastery i'm like ransack sit or fix it up i'll you know, like the main the main monastery people are not there, right now, they still May.
Mike Sackton: well be that, I mean.
Mike Sackton: It just seems to me a little bit pointless to try and maintain the facade that we are staying at the end if we are in fact going to go relax for a week at the monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But do we want to advertise that.
Eric Rosenbaum: We get to me if I say we're.
Mike Sackton: Leaving town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have to say anything we don't if we don't have to go back in and.
Mike Sackton: We can just we can, I think we're overthinking.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yet what.
kate: Is your stealth mode require me to hide out at your in with you, or can I go stay at the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah you won.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All the way.
Mike Sackton: Whatever business plans anywhere, you are you heading back home, and you coming to DARPA with us.
kate: seems that the leadership of my.
kate: Town would be interested in.
kate: This group traveling to chart and because you know when they started taking.
kate: objects of Durban history and I needed to reclaim my shields they had taken other things, and so it seems reasonable for me to join you for a while, I think I need to tell.
kate: My leadership what's going on and.
kate: A prize them of my intentions, make sure that they agree but i'm planning to do that and I.
kate: hope that by the time that we get to DARPA i'll have confirmation from them that.
kate: This.
kate: My continued absence has their agreement.
Eric Rosenbaum: It certainly is your help.
Mike Sackton: We just are known for sticking the plans.
Mike Sackton: it's all.
Mike Sackton: Welcome to join us on our wild ride.
kate: i'm not known to feel that i'm required to stay, so if you get.
kate: Too off track I can I go off again.
Timothy Sackton: arizonans encountered your side quest finish early on.
kate: Well, we really didn't know whether the storm was more important or.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: did recently come with us to the.
Mike Sackton: Did you come to the giants tower.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean our current sort of.
kate: My horse remember.
Mike Sackton: we're going to try and go.
Timothy Sackton: rescue the giants I.
Mike Sackton: rescue the giants eyes.
kate: I had caught that thought.
Timothy Sackton: So.
kate: He was worthy to me, although I think it will be a blessing to my.
kate: Leaders then.
kate: Whatever else might be in charge.
kate: or a foot in charge and.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You had to the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: Where you spend the next few days.
Timothy Sackton: before preparing to leave for dharma.
Timothy Sackton: So the next day.
Timothy Sackton: This day of renewal is is is a quiet day at the monastery um it is.
Timothy Sackton: i'm gonna wait a minute for conduct them back for.
kate: that's it I don't know if there's much of a time down timezone difference between here in the avanti mountains, I doubt that.
kate: If we're back around dinner time it's not too late to.
Timothy Sackton: reach out my.
Timothy Sackton: send your message, yes.
Timothy Sackton: anyway.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you spend you spend a few days at the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: A couple of notable events which i'm going to wait for calm happen, while you're there.
Timothy Sackton: The day of renewal itself passes quietly um.
Timothy Sackton: You know the there's a monastery has some.
Timothy Sackton: You know, has a small feast nothing to elaborate but i'm a you know.
Timothy Sackton: You know, some special food reserve some.
Timothy Sackton: Some, like date cake and sweet wine that's been saved for this this occasion and it's like you know.
Timothy Sackton: cassie is excited to talk to you, but like not on this day right like the focus is something else she's like you know come by come by tomorrow, and I can show you what I found.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: writer also comes ahead with a message that says.
Timothy Sackton: speaker la and her retinue as expected back in the next few days.
Timothy Sackton: She is.
Timothy Sackton: paused her her return to.
Timothy Sackton: acknowledge the day of the renewal on the plains, but is no more than a two day journey from from toker at this point.
Timothy Sackton: So my.
Timothy Sackton: My aim here is to do is to role play two more scenes the talking to cassie and then, when speaker law returns and then, if there's any other downtime activities, you want to do, we can do those.
Timothy Sackton: Not in real time so that we can start next session with you, leaving Cobra that makes sense to everybody.
Mike Sackton: yeah I mean i'm hoping to stop by.
Mike Sackton: soon.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think we've been extended right um.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 1215 ish because we started a bit late.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: um let's see so let's jump to that so you had asked her to.
Timothy Sackton: to identify track down what information she could in the archives of the.
Timothy Sackton: lock in monastery about rye, and then also about.
Timothy Sackton: Yours Ali have a scar I need.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever she could find about you know suppose it.
Timothy Sackton: Ancient gods and she she's you know she comes back and she's you know she brings you back to her little office area in the in the small library in you know.
says.
Timothy Sackton: That there's actually.
Timothy Sackton: i'm quite a bit on.
Timothy Sackton: On nida.
Timothy Sackton: Very little on right but, but this kenza you may be particularly interested in so of course there's many legends of the Heroes from the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure you must know some of those stories of their deeds and the desperate battles of that time.
Timothy Sackton: But there's very little about the lads of these years after the great war that you.
Timothy Sackton: That you asked about right except, of course, the 100 and the fox right the constellation and the hero pharaoh met you know many know that story um.
Timothy Sackton: But our archives are records of of gods and myths of the divine and I was despite all of his power not divine and so little is recorded, except for one tantalizing story.
Timothy Sackton: And she shares.
um.
Timothy Sackton: there's a book by this chart Ionian scholar.
Timothy Sackton: nights us bitten maybe 20 years ago which we recently acquired from a book trader.
Timothy Sackton: it's a record or catalog of surviving people of the forests east of chart in the great first that have been there for generations and there's a in this book NASA describes the story of a group of people who live there.
Timothy Sackton: upriver from charleston.
Timothy Sackton: there's mysterious you tells of them found a way in these magic to convince one of them to speak of their secret religion.
Timothy Sackton: And their religion is a cult dedicated to the demigod of magic known as why he speaks through dreams.
Timothy Sackton: To the high priest.
Mike Sackton: Wait where these people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Were asleep started.
Timothy Sackton: Up forever from charting in the in these huge forests and.
Timothy Sackton: If you follow the River up that goes into the forests that are up there, like near the mountains.
Timothy Sackton: So that struck me as interesting.
Timothy Sackton: do a lot of magic right he speaks through dreams, to the high priest.
Timothy Sackton: or you've mentioned many times, your.
Timothy Sackton: dreams.
Indeed.
Timothy Sackton: and none of these gems are recorded here, except except one.
Timothy Sackton: Which.
Timothy Sackton: which describes a.
Timothy Sackton: hold on I better check.
Timothy Sackton: out.
Eric Rosenbaum: to her, I wow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Already edited to the side quest list.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to this force now clearly.
described.
Timothy Sackton: A dream of an island in the middle of an ocean, with nothing but the single.
Timothy Sackton: tall dark tower standing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And how this exact training.
Timothy Sackton: A person.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is that the perfectly circular and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is.
and
Timothy Sackton: The book says that this is the.
Timothy Sackton: sign of.
Timothy Sackton: Of the of the power of.
Timothy Sackton: The high priests, that there is some.
Timothy Sackton: Secret token or some secret.
Timothy Sackton: connection that is passed on and they know the new priest is.
Timothy Sackton: Is a.
Timothy Sackton: New Christian accepted if he has the dream of the tall dark tower.
Timothy Sackton: But it seems like this is a that.
Timothy Sackton: Is a new home there's no.
Timothy Sackton: there's no mention of this damn I gotta drive from before.
Timothy Sackton: Nice, this is work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When was this work.
Timothy Sackton: So we got this book a few years ago, but it was written maybe 10 or 15 years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where it's an ISIS.
charting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the name of this order.
Timothy Sackton: Which order you mean the people in the forest oh.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Nice, this is not say what they what they call their religion.
Timothy Sackton: He just refers to them as as the.
Timothy Sackton: People of the Chardonnay and for us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because it looks over at a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While the you know well, the I feel like i've mentioned this before, but maybe not thoroughly enough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do the handling said any historical record or knowledge of a circular island in the ocean perfectly circular with only a dark tower on it feels like something you guys would know about.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It seems like we would have.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Considering, we have a history of everything that's happened since time began.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's why i'm asking again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): anything about that.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because there are two possibilities three possibilities one possibility it's out there and the happenings haven't seen it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The other possibility is it's out there and the half links have seen it and you just haven't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tracked it down yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The third possibility is that it's not of this world that it exists only in a world of dreams.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's an interesting possibility.
Mike Sackton: or just a.
Mike Sackton: sideways plane next to this world.
Mike Sackton: Right, there are many.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You are the expert on sideways plans.
Mike Sackton: mean the elves.
Mike Sackton: The ancient dolls long ago used to travel between places through various.
Mike Sackton: Other planes.
Mike Sackton: I don't know many details.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Extremely convenient.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I make that to make that one of my downtime activities and.
Timothy Sackton: I guess.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe even go back to the other half lanes or go back to the storyteller.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Looking to go.
Mike Sackton: um Is this the same area that.
Mike Sackton: I was comes from.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: there's the forest extend quite some distance.
Mike Sackton: But I mean I thought i'd be.
Mike Sackton: Broadly speaking, west of the mountains north of Charlotte.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, broadly speaking, it is the same same very broad Eric.
Timothy Sackton: These forests are like.
Timothy Sackton: About you know, nearly the size of of Eastern done i've done mark East of the view wanted a bigger so it's not a very specific.
Mike Sackton: No, I don't know I know it's just.
Mike Sackton: I just meant it's this and that's the same for us we're done with this too right.
Mike Sackton: Yes, somewhere on there.
Mike Sackton: Yes, let's totally do side quest totally top of the West.
INQUEST.
Eric Rosenbaum: The big place.
Mike Sackton: yeah we can wander around in ancient forests for a couple of.
Mike Sackton: Months well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're probably for probably like 2022 like at our at our pace of.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: So then she says i'm.
Timothy Sackton: turns to you down with she says there is more information about about a need, and yes Ali and i've written a few notes that I will I will share with you, but to briefly summarize, I found three works that mentioned this, these names one has a classical philosophical treaties.
Timothy Sackton: 10 so you i'm sure were assigned to this, but whether you read it or not, I have some doubt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would have doubts as well.
Timothy Sackton: Given my.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: videos for scholarship.
Timothy Sackton: it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's a work that considers the theological question of the actual existence and Sharon and someone, given that.
Timothy Sackton: They do nothing, as far as we know, the power of the five siblings is unquestionable, given the frequency in power miracles but.
Timothy Sackton: How can we establish the reality of these creator divinities and of course there's a number of classic philosophical arguments, but one struck me as interesting because there was a few sentences that mentioned, I need saying.
Timothy Sackton: Among the oldest and most primitive religions in the distant parts of the world, such as the strange worship of the encircling see by the scare people the northern oceans are the.
Timothy Sackton: barbaric practice of sacrifice the small dogs of them.
Timothy Sackton: No Chi.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will be as furiously keeping in his comments about insulting human short sightedness.
Timothy Sackton: It it seems that.
Timothy Sackton: tried and subpar interpreted as as single divinity among these people.
Timothy Sackton: Take care of the stairs said to be the fathomless creator.
Timothy Sackton: And nita of the den archives called by those uncivilized barbarians the first and last.
Timothy Sackton: And said to be the life force that permeates creation and empowers the Tongue sheet, the small gods of those people to correct prayers.
Timothy Sackton: And she it is likely that these unsophisticated cultures were unable to understand the true duality of the divinity but even they understood that the power of the gods comes from elsewhere, the divine presence.
Timothy Sackton: She says.
Timothy Sackton: And I am quoting.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what I need done does it mean to you or if you know the tenor Chi people.
Timothy Sackton: Are not presume to insult them if they are known to you.
Timothy Sackton: It cannot speak for the.
Timothy Sackton: classic works from 400 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: But it seems to me, at least, that this would indicate that.
Timothy Sackton: People who are looking for must be the dental Chi.
Mike Sackton: Does that work give any hint as to where the dead okay might have lived.
Timothy Sackton: It does not, but I have more.
Timothy Sackton: The travels in the far north a travelogue written by Yukos the wonder cardone and barred from.
Timothy Sackton: Just before the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: And I will give you some excerpts i've copied out from this book, but it describes the land north of lakeville Andras and it's one of the best remaining accounts, we have of the many now destroyed settlements and civilizations.
Timothy Sackton: Among in that area, and there is a section that.
Mike Sackton: describes to invest the big wake up in the middle of the map.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so north and east of that leg basically.
Mike Sackton: to rest on North and West during malware crossover.
Mike Sackton: keep going.
Timothy Sackton: There is a section that describes ucas time spent among various tribes of the DEMO Chi.
Timothy Sackton: traveling North along the mountains as far north as the black wire fence far north of of.
Timothy Sackton: Of the forests.
Timothy Sackton: And even beyond but chopping whilst short of the volcanoes and rumors of great evil and Panda he describes many people's settled in these words loosely connected by trade culture and and marriage living in.
Timothy Sackton: Hidden villages in the deep forest on the edge of the mountains.
Timothy Sackton: loosely referring to this whole collection of people as the dental calm.
Timothy Sackton: And you mentioned their religion centered around the worship of these tonchi them at the gods are now.
Timothy Sackton: And he lists, many of them and some details of them about how sacrifice plays a role in their worship and and one of the names he mentions is easily the spirit of the hunt the moon, and the night, and particularly one who is attracted to offerings from a fresh hunt.
Timothy Sackton: so well.
Timothy Sackton: are done Mari theologians do not place the dental Chi anywhere, perhaps you because the wonder could give you a hint as to where to look.
Timothy Sackton: And finally, the last mention is from somewhat more recent work, the work of ISA locking scholar from a few generations ago.
Timothy Sackton: She was fascinated by the lesser gods.
Timothy Sackton: Minor powers that seem to arise and sometimes disappear.
Timothy Sackton: Much of what she wrote was the logical speculation on on beach man chicken and audra.
Timothy Sackton: But she also described other lesser gods she talks about the pesto, and some bara the tonchi in the northlands and the cadavers saints of model.
Timothy Sackton: The time she I guess would be most interest to you as they are.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps the.
Timothy Sackton: most relevant to your quest.
Timothy Sackton: And she she argues, these must be gods and then claims that many of these tonchi despite the divinity must seem to be gone the people who worship them dispersed or destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: And there seemed to be.
Timothy Sackton: rumors perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: Speculation that she lists that dead gods must, if they were ever really gods be better understood his last gods.
Timothy Sackton: Because divine energy cannot be destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: So even if the worship of the divinity guys out in the world, the divine cannot disappear, only the connection between this world and their divine power can fade enough.
Timothy Sackton: So she's speculates perhaps that there may be many such sever divinities that she calls them wandering the airplanes the hidden casualties of the great war.
Timothy Sackton: Their connections to this world destroyed by schmutz genocide in the north.
Timothy Sackton: So why she does not mention.
Timothy Sackton: Is all you did ask about last god's this one story, I could find the one person who has now I must warn you, this is all speculation, I don't believe that he saw had any proof of any of these theories.
Mike Sackton: One was he.
Is ISA.
Mike Sackton: No she lives up the years ago.
Mike Sackton: Humans live such short lives, how do they do any scholarship at all.
Timothy Sackton: That is, that is all I have and again she hands you some notes and i'll copy and paste my notes into Google Doc and attach it to the session notes that you can.
Timothy Sackton: You can look at everything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: credibly interesting insights.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you think that there's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it do we understand the genesis of the gods.
Timothy Sackton: not sure anybody can really say they understand that it's a fascinating question though and.
Timothy Sackton: He touched kenza that you turn to scholarship it.
Timothy Sackton: Your actor, only three months away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's a temporary thing I promise I really still just enjoy hitting things with sticks and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah because it strikes me if the gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: become severed and are just you know, last.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wandering disconnected from talukdar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can many gods be created, how how did they get formed, is it enough if the six of us here decide that we want to worship and create a new God that a God is just manifested in another dimension.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or.
Timothy Sackton: not believe it is so simple than that, and my personal belief.
Timothy Sackton: Is that.
Timothy Sackton: shots and samba create the gods.
Timothy Sackton: Slow their divine power into these beings.
Timothy Sackton: I believe the story of.
Timothy Sackton: charge and sump as the.
Timothy Sackton: As the creators, as the.
Timothy Sackton: Parents in some sense of five siblings is in many ways, literally true.
Timothy Sackton: And I imagine all the gods worshiped and all the hidden corners of the world must come from the same source.
Mike Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: Among the elves is said that Hugh is the blessing, and the curse of humans to imagine their own gods.
Mike Sackton: No other race can do such a thing.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps that is shot and some has gift to us.
Timothy Sackton: But I believe it is.
Timothy Sackton: Believe it is their energy ultimately that makes the gods.
Timothy Sackton: It is said that they sculpted the gods of the Elder races out of.
Timothy Sackton: Their imagination and well.
Timothy Sackton: do not know if that is true.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps they.
Timothy Sackton: granted to us some measure of that ability.
Mike Sackton: I know not what is true, but again among the elves that has said that only.
Mike Sackton: Only the humans predate their gods.
Mike Sackton: Amongst all the races every other race, the elves dwarves half flings the lizard folk.
Mike Sackton: were all created all came after their gods and only amongst the humans, do you find the gods come after the humans.
Mike Sackton: Why.
Mike Sackton: I would not claim to know.
Mike Sackton: But in the memory of the elves that REACH back to even before the humans.
Mike Sackton: That is what it said.
Mike Sackton: But there is no memory of even the oldest outs before the.
Mike Sackton: i'm blanking on shouldn't forget the name of the elven gardens but i'm forgetting something.
Timothy Sackton: else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That else setup.
With.
Mike Sackton: elder elder carne out it's a and he forget what the names.
Mike Sackton: But, but there are no elves who remember before i'll tomorrow and.
Mike Sackton: l.
Timothy Sackton: me add.
Mike Sackton: It sad that there are huge, that there are elves who sorry, it is said that the humans when they were first.
Mike Sackton: made in the ancient days.
Mike Sackton: predated their gods they had no the gods of the Denmark did not exist, that at least not as they are now.
Timothy Sackton: hmm well.
Timothy Sackton: We tell that shot and samba created the world's First it was chaos ever changing while and see of magical energy.
Timothy Sackton: And after they shaped the world they made two mortal children from the wind and the earth.
Timothy Sackton: The first few minutes, please they created the five siblings to watch over them.
Mike Sackton: does not contradict my towel at all.
Timothy Sackton: I see it does not.
Mike Sackton: Have a blast out many things.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure your stories leave out many things as well.
Mike Sackton: The elven stories I think i'm the oldest.
Mike Sackton: that's probably leave at the less the least.
Timothy Sackton: house.
Mike Sackton: Although I will admit the Alvin stories often lose track of such rapidly changing humans.
Mike Sackton: Who can who can really pay attention to the kings and Queens of the human kingdoms when they change it and hyperlink.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The by changing the standard of what counts as relevant to the elves of the most complete stories.
Timothy Sackton: wow ninjas of time, can we.
Timothy Sackton: skip that.
Timothy Sackton: fantasy.
logical speculation.
Timothy Sackton: arriving.
Mike Sackton: I can't wait all salo racism across the.
Mike Sackton: fantasy races in now and then what's the fun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right how about this highly racist.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Elvis Elvis.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he sees an Elvis Elvis supremacist, that is what happened to Eric Eric what's going on with your your your thing you're not Oh, there you are God it's just.
Timothy Sackton: he's just turning into a blanket.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah you like literally wear a blanket I was weird.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Look look look conceals.
Timothy Sackton: Exactly hides them from the gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He.
Mike Sackton: Has it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On i'm gonna ask.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To see what what's going on with the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like the powers of the of the tree like if I if I if a branch for.
Mike Sackton: We kind of get kensal magic staff from the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tree that's what i'm saying like why we were.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So close are so close.
Timothy Sackton: So basu her grumpy partner has been hailed as the lake artificer magic 8am creator.
Mike Sackton: He wants us right he's the one we.
Timothy Sackton: Are yeah he's super friendly with you now, because you like.
Timothy Sackton: Fixed all the problems.
Timothy Sackton: So he is a.
Timothy Sackton: So So yes, he has in fact made things with wood from the tree before.
Timothy Sackton: um it's been 15 years since a branch.
Timothy Sackton: But he is happy to promise you that the next time a branch falls, he will save it for you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are there are there, like auspicious is it like divine when a brand falls version, like the wind.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody really knows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, like the last time a branch fell was it when like a baby that later became the King like you know it's like a you know.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, no, it seems that they actually seem to have to do with so so the.
Timothy Sackton: tree flowers and it makes these giant flowers that smelled like vanilla yeah i'm gonna like petals and the leaves blow off and the leaves coat the.
Timothy Sackton: tree and then people will scale the tree and pick the vanilla pods the seed pods which are giant, and of course it's super dangerous skill tree people fall and die, but people do it because they're super valuable.
Timothy Sackton: And then they'll sell them or trade them, the first harvest is tied to the temple and then you know after that is anybody can free for anybody who takes the risk to climate and usually what happens is.
Timothy Sackton: When the flowers bloom every few every five six years a branch will will just fall and the flowers will blow away, nobody knows quite where they blow away too.
Timothy Sackton: But it seems to be like a somewhat regular thing like making way for new words or something like that so it's do.
Mike Sackton: We should totally go check out the Trinity.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh i'm definitely Kansas going to go and like by that with the tree like for as much as possible to just.
Mike Sackton: How long after.
Mike Sackton: The brain does it whoo.
Timothy Sackton: Like it's.
Timothy Sackton: It buds within a few days the flowers won't fully bloom for a couple of weeks we'll get the first they'll get the first little buds in the first like sent you getting to walk over the town within.
Timothy Sackton: Within three or four days of the rains.
Mike Sackton: So it's not going to be seen enough that like that was he just go cast fly and go up and take all the harvest all of the.
Timothy Sackton: Now the seed.
Timothy Sackton: The seed pods don't form until like you know August and it's not until like October that they're ready to harvest.
Mike Sackton: Fine, so when we come back after having escaped prison and chart and found for off god's eyes found all the weird people up in the mountains and are now ready to go figure out what's going on with Carson it'll it'll be time for kids it again it's super powerful magic staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no, no, no, no, no that's it's happening now it's happening now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is going to go and gun meditate with the tree it's going to happen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is something that's going to manifest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Such a nice treat new really be a shame if something happened to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Be credit history now.
Mike Sackton: kind of dad if it doesn't get kenzo a branch.
Timothy Sackton: Well, we can talk about Kansas magic items of what you have quite a lot to be honest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Through our everybody uses a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Famous i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: speaker was everything once the part of the whole integrated.
Timothy Sackton: Part so say you have like you know a bit like a you know, six, seven days right the part of the whole so there's time to do some downtime I didn't want to take time now because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, this is bigger Laura.
Timothy Sackton: And I just wanted.
Mike Sackton: let's let's find out what's required to do and then let's.
Timothy Sackton: And then we'll stop, but we can by text or whatever we can resolve any additional downtime stuff that people want to do over my people via email or text because Congress and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Get in line 10 there's 84,000 in front of you so.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: hey if you want a magic stuff maybe you better read your email.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm a few days before you leave and will wreck on back whenever you want to do, while you're waiting i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The party of about 25 miss dive returns and the temple fills up again right like this was the monastery fills up this was um.
Timothy Sackton: You know clearly the.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: It was me it felt empty before and now it's like most of the.
Timothy Sackton: The like that the House is full again basically like it's it's more it's not quite doubled in size, there were probably 30 people around and.
Timothy Sackton: Now they're like 25 come back so you're now like, maybe 3525 you're up to like 60 miss die NASA it feels like much more fall.
Timothy Sackton: Especially with all the sort of Lady running around i'm speaker laura's is quite happy to see that you are here kenzo and she um you know asks after like because, of course, you were.
Timothy Sackton: she's she originally sent you to care what to find out about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'm sure there's there's lots of old friends in the in the crew and everything so lots of warm welcome to send.
Timothy Sackton: Like a batch of like.
Timothy Sackton: Small talk hello, and she is like I mean she's probably in her mid 40s but looks pretty young like.
Timothy Sackton: Long black hair sort of done up in a barn and green eyes sort of light, you know light brown skin wearing of these flowing robes like blue trimmed robes like blue designs on them like.
Timothy Sackton: Tired from the journey but focused and you know after making small talk.
Timothy Sackton: She you know.
Timothy Sackton: pulls pulls you aside and and it's basically like you know I would speak with you briefly if if you have the time for believe that you have been involved in many events.
Timothy Sackton: Many events that are of significance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we're we're very eager to hear what you learned in the East.
Timothy Sackton: We traveled.
Timothy Sackton: And spoke with.
Timothy Sackton: nyan Sarah.
Timothy Sackton: I believe you are responsible for.
Timothy Sackton: in some way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sir isn't the East.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Sure isn't it cheesy stuff here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right okay yeah.
um.
Timothy Sackton: I believe this was lock as well that we meet her.
Timothy Sackton: For.
Timothy Sackton: It is the omens that he sent that drove us there.
Timothy Sackton: But after.
Timothy Sackton: Speaking with her, I am afraid we are now caught in a moment that luck, I did not see.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps a moment that should not have come.
Timothy Sackton: could see the will of August driving Sarah that old impulse to meet terror and fear, with violence and force.
Timothy Sackton: The impulse that drove the year of conquest and violence first settled here when G volley died when he swore her last would not be in vain.
Timothy Sackton: We did not realize, then that her last could be undone.
Timothy Sackton: And well the maid of our gear and his spear floods strong in those days.
Timothy Sackton: Well i'm not I haven't never been sure that that was the right choice for our people to begin our nation and slaughter.
Timothy Sackton: And now, again, I can.
Timothy Sackton: See the power of our gear in her.
Timothy Sackton: as well.
Timothy Sackton: That energy to sweep across dunmore raise the call to arms unify people in our banner and then turn East and charge through our old lands sweeping evil away and making them safe again, I think.
Timothy Sackton: I think if this were her will, if you could resist her.
Timothy Sackton: And if she could Chan our gear as of old.
Timothy Sackton: If she could claim him as their patron.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps even found a new dynasty.
Timothy Sackton: under the banner of war.
Timothy Sackton: She would be a force.
Timothy Sackton: And yet I do not know if the done marley would survive.
Timothy Sackton: The end i'm sure if it came would be glorious.
But.
Timothy Sackton: twice before in our history, we have crashed against the tangled content ruins of bank or and twice it as men, the end of an era and the beginning of turmoil and upheaval and death.
Timothy Sackton: Is this what Sir is leading towards again.
Timothy Sackton: do not know.
Timothy Sackton: Carlos for all his.
Timothy Sackton: equivocation for all that I may not like him as a person has some cars vision has.
Timothy Sackton: some measure of her.
Timothy Sackton: passion, perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: Many people think song cars cold, perhaps even heartless or she sits in judgment on swayed by emotion.
But.
Timothy Sackton: I think she meets all the same, for those who must die, and she is the only one who can see.
Timothy Sackton: The lives that we're not live.
Timothy Sackton: And this is the only one who truly fears more the way it should be feared.
Timothy Sackton: And so I have no certainty now what no sign of what to do next, because I do not believe that god's will controls the fate of Denmark, the way it should.
Timothy Sackton: Or, I do not believe that god's agree, whose will should control the fate of them.
Timothy Sackton: I believe this moment that we have come to.
Timothy Sackton: Someone must lead.
Timothy Sackton: We must find a way for that person to lead without destroying us in the process.
Timothy Sackton: But will that personally to.
Timothy Sackton: glorious war and probable death.
Timothy Sackton: or.
Timothy Sackton: retrenchment and Defense.
Timothy Sackton: Safety.
Timothy Sackton: And yet, possibly also giving up something we should not give up.
Timothy Sackton: do not know.
Timothy Sackton: Do not think the gods now, and I think that is why this moment is so uncertain.
Timothy Sackton: I think.
Timothy Sackton: Whether it is because the great purpose of our people was fulfilled or because the god's power is spent elsewhere now perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: Chicago does not stand alone at our eastern borders.
Timothy Sackton: And over the last generation to the.
Timothy Sackton: Power of the gods seems drawn out swear.
Timothy Sackton: There has been an evil will that has plagued and our.
Timothy Sackton: bad luck that has cursed us.
Timothy Sackton: Now that bad luck, has come to a head and put two champions of the divine against each other.
Timothy Sackton: But a very different visions for the future of our country.
Timothy Sackton: Now you have much on your plate and we're not asked.
Timothy Sackton: more of you.
Timothy Sackton: But i've asked Joe her to travel to ny a hard to speak with nine Kurnaz to see if we can.
Timothy Sackton: At least broker some kind of peace that.
Timothy Sackton: lock and Mr have long served to guide the will of the.
Timothy Sackton: People to guide the.
Timothy Sackton: People and seeing the will of the gods in our choice of rulers and while we have strayed from that path, I think perhaps it is time for us to return.
Timothy Sackton: But there are.
Timothy Sackton: rumors of trouble on the road.
Timothy Sackton: rumors of cobalts rating between kieran some returned in force moving East from them, I ran a gap.
Timothy Sackton: werewolves I know you have dealt with these i've heard but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I may also be a werewolf.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Probably not.
Timothy Sackton: But if they could attack.
Timothy Sackton: Traders heading to farm told her.
Timothy Sackton: rumors that the road across the mountains, is no longer safe.
Timothy Sackton: rumors of fees and bandits.
Timothy Sackton: Not all our people are perfect and plague and war and death leads to.
Timothy Sackton: thieves and robbers and bandits.
Timothy Sackton: As as back none of these dangers, with trouble you.
Timothy Sackton: Given what you have done.
Timothy Sackton: I suspect few would dare threaten a group such as yours, especially if you were.
Timothy Sackton: traveling visibly armed and defended.
Timothy Sackton: So perhaps maybe you'd be willing to.
Timothy Sackton: escort Joe Hart at least part of the way.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps, as far as the coasts.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps, where you could take him.
Timothy Sackton: off the night.
Timothy Sackton: The roads are better patrolled.
Timothy Sackton: Should you see fit to turn South with him and.
Timothy Sackton: Towards a higher yourself.
Timothy Sackton: I would certainly not object.
Timothy Sackton: I think we must somehow tried to.
Timothy Sackton: keep this.
Timothy Sackton: situation from falling apart until.
Timothy Sackton: There is clarity.
Timothy Sackton: I believe.
Timothy Sackton: I believe that if.
Timothy Sackton: Some of us could speak with Kurnaz we could.
Timothy Sackton: We could perhaps reassert our old, traditional roles.
Timothy Sackton: We must get there safely first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So safe passage to Joe for by safe passage for Joe hard to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are about to DARPA.
Mike Sackton: At least as far as dark line perhaps south.
Mike Sackton: Tonight higher, that is, we had discussed heading to darby ourselves anyway.
Mike Sackton: Who would certainly have.
Mike Sackton: no objections to escorting Joe higher, at least as far as DARPA.
Timothy Sackton: That will greatly relieved me and i'm sure kenzo he will be happy to have more time to catch up with you on the road, after the absence of these past months.
Indeed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Then we ask a favor and return.
Timothy Sackton: May.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, I will just real quick telepathically check in with kenza first and say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let's ask for her help in finding the cloak right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean if it's going to be hidden.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It could well be hidden among know by one of the orders and one of the monasteries, I mean Maybe she knows the story way that others don't I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and asked about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is a private conversation with just us right now right yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah regular.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: speaker speaker Laura.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder, as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Part of our interests in journey to DARPA.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As a part of our journeys over the past number of months we've learned of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Artists artifacts ancient artifacts that they have some importance to events unfolding Intel gar today.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One that we learned about was a cloak of some power, perhaps the ability to hide from the gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we have suspicions that it may.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: be in the region have you heard of such a cloak.
Timothy Sackton: I have not but.
Timothy Sackton: No i'm not a scholar of ancient artifacts.
Timothy Sackton: No, I have not heard such thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you for your insights.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um but Joe Har we would gladly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pretty protect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And escort on our own way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And, depending on what unfolds in DARPA we may.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We may see about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The gods mean for us to continue escorting him further.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On his journey.
Mike Sackton: um do we know what the direction treasury means.
Mike Sackton: This is an aside dark June is that a word that.
Timothy Sackton: that's the name of the dynasty prior to them nyan dynasty.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm seeing that the letter was from in a dedicated of.
Mike Sackton: edgier again yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's probably the people to talk to us.
Mike Sackton: Where the again where's the egg your mother's day.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the idea.
Mike Sackton: you're about to make it up, because you don't know but.
Timothy Sackton: So so Kurt current day the Omega mind Stevens destroyed the year miss die are an intern or.
Timothy Sackton: Where it was originally I never made up, but I could make it up on the spur of the moment as probably out East somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: East of Carson.
Mike Sackton: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other way did we ever did we ask.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The the the artifact person about the cloak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we ask them to research the coke.
Timothy Sackton: can see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See ya.
know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You should do that before we leave for DARPA.
Mike Sackton: crush have a cloak, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: No well.
Timothy Sackton: He was wearing like robes and it with the hood.
Mike Sackton: But not the magic one just because there's this whole thing about the orcs not being able to hear their God.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Like those the whole thing goes on out east.
Timothy Sackton: about that.
Mike Sackton: Right like.
Mike Sackton: Do we know we actually don't know from this letter.
Mike Sackton: I right to warn you that writers are coming soon I hope with those most valuable in ancient treasures.
Mike Sackton: So I mean for all we know they never got out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We know that the separate didn't it could well be that the other didn't.
Mike Sackton: yeah so this could be a fool's errand going to die, but I mean.
Mike Sackton: Why do we even think the coke isn't.
Mike Sackton: that the Chinese guy went to that's all we really now.
Timothy Sackton: you're following the afternoon guy.
Mike Sackton: To turn odeon guy went to darby he got this letter, and he went dark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we were doing that we were going to DARPA because we're like oh it's also on the way to go to chart in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right now it's also on the way to the magic the magic right, you know what called.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The and it also you know there's fucking weird elves in the engine for us to, so why not.
Mike Sackton: um Oh, we should totally go to the dark ages Okay, the wiener mentioned dark as a possible place to hide these artifacts but for all we know they never came out of the East.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right right.
Mike Sackton: Like it's entirely possible that the artifacts are all still I mean.
Mike Sackton: Right clearly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Center didn't come straight right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well now, there is an additional actual practical reason which does feel like a very useful thing to do, which is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To support this miss die guy to go and, yes, extra that there's not you know civil war.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can seize your old friend right yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The heart yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah nobody.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: What is speaking of war, I mean she didn't really sound like she had an opinion as to who actually should rule Dunbar right Ray.
Mike Sackton: torn yeah what did.
Mike Sackton: That little asked her what.
Mike Sackton: Sir, I had to say.
Timothy Sackton: We did not speak for long.
Timothy Sackton: We prayed together for longer.
Timothy Sackton: What she had to say is that.
Timothy Sackton: The possibility of a greater donmar was.
Timothy Sackton: cut short was destroyed by evil.
Timothy Sackton: And that her purpose now is to restore that potential.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): she's gonna make them are great again.
Timothy Sackton: She had.
Timothy Sackton: Many with her.
Timothy Sackton: she's seen two of.
Timothy Sackton: Those who swear to her swore completely.
Timothy Sackton: Her battle commander was.
Timothy Sackton: Completely in her sway I believe.
Timothy Sackton: Her.
Timothy Sackton: train was.
Timothy Sackton: I think they would die for her.
Eric Rosenbaum: sounds dangerous.
Mike Sackton: sounds heroic.
Mike Sackton: that's.
Mike Sackton: Good or.
Mike Sackton: Bad it's hard to say.
Eric Rosenbaum: We dwarves have always been skeptical of leaders that asked for.
Eric Rosenbaum: unquestioning faith.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like that about two words.
Timothy Sackton: not believe that is what she asked for I believe that is what she was given.
Eric Rosenbaum: Given how.
Mike Sackton: think she inspires people to believe something within themselves.
Timothy Sackton: She is clearly touched by the gods.
Timothy Sackton: by his.
Timothy Sackton: vision.
Eric Rosenbaum: And this is a vision of.
Eric Rosenbaum: fire and blood.
Timothy Sackton: has always been the tension at the heart of dumber.
Timothy Sackton: ride two warring glory.
Timothy Sackton: And many die most perhaps needlessly.
Timothy Sackton: There is great glory in these.
Timothy Sackton: Noble charges into the evil of this world.
Mike Sackton: It is easy to.
Mike Sackton: Too many I forgot, I think.
Mike Sackton: Everybody here all of you.
Mike Sackton: forgotten.
Mike Sackton: What it's like when the novel charges necessary.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps never know in fact.
Mike Sackton: You speak of this as if it's a.
Mike Sackton: bad thing.
Timothy Sackton: And you know when the noble charge is necessary and mine is just.
Timothy Sackton: wasteful death.
Mike Sackton: wisdom.
Mike Sackton: do not know if Sarah has it.
Mike Sackton: But you must remember.
Mike Sackton: That.
Mike Sackton: There are very few of my people left.
Mike Sackton: But I think.
Mike Sackton: Very few.
Mike Sackton: Of those who died at least I hope I have not admit spoken to any elves and hundreds of years.
Mike Sackton: But the owls that did not.
Mike Sackton: did not go to war innocently.
Mike Sackton: and few of us regretted it.
Mike Sackton: But perhaps Sir, I did not have the wisdom to see whether the war is necessary.
Timothy Sackton: There has been peace for four generations now.
Timothy Sackton: lads are so short compared to yours, how could we remember.
Timothy Sackton: god's we need wisdom from the gods.
Timothy Sackton: will not agree.
Timothy Sackton: What are we to do.
Timothy Sackton: not expect you to solve this dilemma.
Timothy Sackton: For now, at least, I will say.
Timothy Sackton: Then Mari fighting done Mara is not a just war.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: certainly agree with that.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So that is what we start with.
Timothy Sackton: I wish I had a clear vision of our future.
But I don't.
Mike Sackton: For so this.
Mike Sackton: does not always help.
Mike Sackton: Is it easier if you know what's coming not always.
Mike Sackton: Was harder to decide to go to.
Timothy Sackton: Difficult questions.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's headed for toker.
Timothy Sackton: She reiterated her promise to stay east.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, she stay until Joe hearts quest is complete.
Timothy Sackton: believe she would like to speak with her brother, before anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in person.
Timothy Sackton: or hope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where.
Timothy Sackton: you're not know yet.
Timothy Sackton: To find a place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not easy to communicate long distances.
Mike Sackton: have to check ernie and mages.
Timothy Sackton: It is not impossible.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: court and I hire is not without magic.
Timothy Sackton: At least short messages back and since jar rise.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: As long as he gets there safely progress can be made.
Timothy Sackton: Hence my request to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well we'll we'll do our best here to help ensure that there's no bloodshed among the Mari this is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is, I think, an easy request.
Thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Shall we call it there yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, this is great, we know.